ms <- NULL
ms$certdetAvailable              =0x0        # from enum CertificateDetail
ms$certdetExpirationDate         =0x3        # from enum CertificateDetail
ms$certdetIssuer                 =0x2        # from enum CertificateDetail
ms$certdetSubject                =0x1        # from enum CertificateDetail
ms$certdetThumbprint             =0x4        # from enum CertificateDetail
ms$certverresError               =0x0        # from enum CertificateVerificationResults
ms$certverresExpired             =0x5        # from enum CertificateVerificationResults
ms$certverresInvalid             =0x4        # from enum CertificateVerificationResults
ms$certverresRevoked             =0x6        # from enum CertificateVerificationResults
ms$certverresUntrusted           =0x7        # from enum CertificateVerificationResults
ms$certverresUnverified          =0x2        # from enum CertificateVerificationResults
ms$certverresValid               =0x3        # from enum CertificateVerificationResults
ms$certverresVerifying           =0x1        # from enum CertificateVerificationResults
ms$contverresError               =0x0        # from enum ContentVerificationResults
ms$contverresModified            =0x4        # from enum ContentVerificationResults
ms$contverresUnverified          =0x2        # from enum ContentVerificationResults
ms$contverresValid               =0x3        # from enum ContentVerificationResults
ms$contverresVerifying           =0x1        # from enum ContentVerificationResults
ms$offPropertyTypeBoolean        =0x2        # from enum DocProperties
ms$offPropertyTypeDate           =0x3        # from enum DocProperties
ms$offPropertyTypeFloat          =0x5        # from enum DocProperties
ms$offPropertyTypeNumber         =0x1        # from enum DocProperties
ms$offPropertyTypeString         =0x4        # from enum DocProperties
ms$cipherModeCBC                 =0x1        # from enum EncryptionCipherMode
ms$cipherModeECB                 =0x0        # from enum EncryptionCipherMode
ms$encprovdetAlgorithm           =0x1        # from enum EncryptionProviderDetail
ms$encprovdetBlockCipher         =0x2        # from enum EncryptionProviderDetail
ms$encprovdetCipherBlockSize     =0x3        # from enum EncryptionProviderDetail
ms$encprovdetCipherMode          =0x4        # from enum EncryptionProviderDetail
ms$encprovdetUrl                 =0x0        # from enum EncryptionProviderDetail
ms$mfHTML                        =0x2        # from enum MailFormat
ms$mfPlainText                   =0x1        # from enum MailFormat
ms$mfRTF                         =0x3        # from enum MailFormat
ms$msoAlertButtonAbortRetryIgnore=0x2        # from enum MsoAlertButtonType
ms$msoAlertButtonOK              =0x0        # from enum MsoAlertButtonType
ms$msoAlertButtonOKCancel        =0x1        # from enum MsoAlertButtonType
ms$msoAlertButtonRetryCancel     =0x5        # from enum MsoAlertButtonType
ms$msoAlertButtonYesAllNoCancel  =0x6        # from enum MsoAlertButtonType
ms$msoAlertButtonYesNo           =0x4        # from enum MsoAlertButtonType
ms$msoAlertButtonYesNoCancel     =0x3        # from enum MsoAlertButtonType
ms$msoAlertCancelDefault         =-1         # from enum MsoAlertCancelType
ms$msoAlertCancelFifth           =0x4        # from enum MsoAlertCancelType
ms$msoAlertCancelFirst           =0x0        # from enum MsoAlertCancelType
ms$msoAlertCancelFourth          =0x3        # from enum MsoAlertCancelType
ms$msoAlertCancelSecond          =0x1        # from enum MsoAlertCancelType
ms$msoAlertCancelThird           =0x2        # from enum MsoAlertCancelType
ms$msoAlertDefaultFifth          =0x4        # from enum MsoAlertDefaultType
ms$msoAlertDefaultFirst          =0x0        # from enum MsoAlertDefaultType
ms$msoAlertDefaultFourth         =0x3        # from enum MsoAlertDefaultType
ms$msoAlertDefaultSecond         =0x1        # from enum MsoAlertDefaultType
ms$msoAlertDefaultThird          =0x2        # from enum MsoAlertDefaultType
ms$msoAlertIconCritical          =0x1        # from enum MsoAlertIconType
ms$msoAlertIconInfo              =0x4        # from enum MsoAlertIconType
ms$msoAlertIconNoIcon            =0x0        # from enum MsoAlertIconType
ms$msoAlertIconQuery             =0x2        # from enum MsoAlertIconType
ms$msoAlertIconWarning           =0x3        # from enum MsoAlertIconType
ms$msoAlignBottoms               =0x5        # from enum MsoAlignCmd
ms$msoAlignCenters               =0x1        # from enum MsoAlignCmd
ms$msoAlignLefts                 =0x0        # from enum MsoAlignCmd
ms$msoAlignMiddles               =0x4        # from enum MsoAlignCmd
ms$msoAlignRights                =0x2        # from enum MsoAlignCmd
ms$msoAlignTops                  =0x3        # from enum MsoAlignCmd
ms$msoAnimationAppear            =0x20       # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationBeginSpeaking     =0x4        # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationCharacterSuccessMajor=0x6        # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationCheckingSomething =0x67       # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationDisappear         =0x1f       # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationEmptyTrash        =0x74       # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationGestureDown       =0x71       # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationGestureLeft       =0x72       # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationGestureRight      =0x13       # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationGestureUp         =0x73       # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationGetArtsy          =0x64       # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationGetAttentionMajor =0xb        # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationGetAttentionMinor =0xc        # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationGetTechy          =0x65       # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationGetWizardy        =0x66       # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationGoodbye           =0x3        # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationGreeting          =0x2        # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationIdle              =0x1        # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationListensToComputer =0x1a       # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationLookDown          =0x68       # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationLookDownLeft      =0x69       # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationLookDownRight     =0x6a       # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationLookLeft          =0x6b       # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationLookRight         =0x6c       # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationLookUp            =0x6d       # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationLookUpLeft        =0x6e       # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationLookUpRight       =0x6f       # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationPrinting          =0x12       # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationRestPose          =0x5        # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationSaving            =0x70       # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationSearching         =0xd        # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationSendingMail       =0x19       # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationThinking          =0x18       # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationWorkingAtSomething=0x17       # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoAnimationWritingNotingSomething=0x16       # from enum MsoAnimationType
ms$msoLanguageIDExeMode          =0x4        # from enum MsoAppLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDHelp             =0x3        # from enum MsoAppLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDInstall          =0x1        # from enum MsoAppLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDUI               =0x2        # from enum MsoAppLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDUIPrevious       =0x5        # from enum MsoAppLanguageID
ms$msoArrowheadLengthMedium      =0x2        # from enum MsoArrowheadLength
ms$msoArrowheadLengthMixed       =-2         # from enum MsoArrowheadLength
ms$msoArrowheadLong              =0x3        # from enum MsoArrowheadLength
ms$msoArrowheadShort             =0x1        # from enum MsoArrowheadLength
ms$msoArrowheadDiamond           =0x5        # from enum MsoArrowheadStyle
ms$msoArrowheadNone              =0x1        # from enum MsoArrowheadStyle
ms$msoArrowheadOpen              =0x3        # from enum MsoArrowheadStyle
ms$msoArrowheadOval              =0x6        # from enum MsoArrowheadStyle
ms$msoArrowheadStealth           =0x4        # from enum MsoArrowheadStyle
ms$msoArrowheadStyleMixed        =-2         # from enum MsoArrowheadStyle
ms$msoArrowheadTriangle          =0x2        # from enum MsoArrowheadStyle
ms$msoArrowheadNarrow            =0x1        # from enum MsoArrowheadWidth
ms$msoArrowheadWide              =0x3        # from enum MsoArrowheadWidth
ms$msoArrowheadWidthMedium       =0x2        # from enum MsoArrowheadWidth
ms$msoArrowheadWidthMixed        =-2         # from enum MsoArrowheadWidth
ms$msoShape10pointStar           =0x95       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShape12pointStar           =0x96       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShape16pointStar           =0x5e       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShape24pointStar           =0x5f       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShape32pointStar           =0x60       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShape4pointStar            =0x5b       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShape5pointStar            =0x5c       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShape6pointStar            =0x93       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShape7pointStar            =0x94       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShape8pointStar            =0x5d       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeActionButtonBackorPrevious=0x81       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeActionButtonBeginning =0x83       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeActionButtonCustom    =0x7d       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeActionButtonDocument  =0x86       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeActionButtonEnd       =0x84       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeActionButtonForwardorNext=0x82       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeActionButtonHelp      =0x7f       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeActionButtonHome      =0x7e       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeActionButtonInformation=0x80       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeActionButtonMovie     =0x88       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeActionButtonReturn    =0x85       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeActionButtonSound     =0x87       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeArc                   =0x19       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeBalloon               =0x89       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeBentArrow             =0x29       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeBentUpArrow           =0x2c       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeBevel                 =0xf        # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeBlockArc              =0x14       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeCan                   =0xd        # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeChartPlus             =0xb6       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeChartStar             =0xb5       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeChartX                =0xb4       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeChevron               =0x34       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeChord                 =0xa1       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeCircularArrow         =0x3c       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeCloud                 =0xb3       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeCloudCallout          =0x6c       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeCorner                =0xa2       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeCornerTabs            =0xa9       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeCross                 =0xb        # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeCube                  =0xe        # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeCurvedDownArrow       =0x30       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeCurvedDownRibbon      =0x64       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeCurvedLeftArrow       =0x2e       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeCurvedRightArrow      =0x2d       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeCurvedUpArrow         =0x2f       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeCurvedUpRibbon        =0x63       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeDecagon               =0x90       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeDiagonalStripe        =0x8d       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeDiamond               =0x4        # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeDodecagon             =0x92       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeDonut                 =0x12       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeDoubleBrace           =0x1b       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeDoubleBracket         =0x1a       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeDoubleWave            =0x68       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeDownArrow             =0x24       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeDownArrowCallout      =0x38       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeDownRibbon            =0x62       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeExplosion1            =0x59       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeExplosion2            =0x5a       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFlowchartAlternateProcess=0x3e       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFlowchartCard         =0x4b       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFlowchartCollate      =0x4f       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFlowchartConnector    =0x49       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFlowchartData         =0x40       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFlowchartDecision     =0x3f       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFlowchartDelay        =0x54       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFlowchartDirectAccessStorage=0x57       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFlowchartDisplay      =0x58       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFlowchartDocument     =0x43       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFlowchartExtract      =0x51       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFlowchartInternalStorage=0x42       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFlowchartMagneticDisk =0x56       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFlowchartManualInput  =0x47       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFlowchartManualOperation=0x48       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFlowchartMerge        =0x52       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFlowchartMultidocument=0x44       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFlowchartOfflineStorage=0x8b       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFlowchartOffpageConnector=0x4a       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFlowchartOr           =0x4e       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFlowchartPredefinedProcess=0x41       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFlowchartPreparation  =0x46       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFlowchartProcess      =0x3d       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFlowchartPunchedTape  =0x4c       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFlowchartSequentialAccessStorage=0x55       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFlowchartSort         =0x50       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFlowchartStoredData   =0x53       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFlowchartSummingJunction=0x4d       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFlowchartTerminator   =0x45       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFoldedCorner          =0x10       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFrame                 =0x9e       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeFunnel                =0xae       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeGear6                 =0xac       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeGear9                 =0xad       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeHalfFrame             =0x9f       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeHeart                 =0x15       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeHeptagon              =0x91       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeHexagon               =0xa        # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeHorizontalScroll      =0x66       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeIsoscelesTriangle     =0x7        # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeLeftArrow             =0x22       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeLeftArrowCallout      =0x36       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeLeftBrace             =0x1f       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeLeftBracket           =0x1d       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeLeftCircularArrow     =0xb0       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeLeftRightArrow        =0x25       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeLeftRightArrowCallout =0x39       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeLeftRightCircularArrow=0xb1       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeLeftRightRibbon       =0x8c       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeLeftRightUpArrow      =0x28       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeLeftUpArrow           =0x2b       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeLightningBolt         =0x16       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeLineCallout1          =0x6d       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeLineCallout1AccentBar =0x71       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeLineCallout1BorderandAccentBar=0x79       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeLineCallout1NoBorder  =0x75       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeLineCallout2          =0x6e       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeLineCallout2AccentBar =0x72       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeLineCallout2BorderandAccentBar=0x7a       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeLineCallout2NoBorder  =0x76       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeLineCallout3          =0x6f       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeLineCallout3AccentBar =0x73       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeLineCallout3BorderandAccentBar=0x7b       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeLineCallout3NoBorder  =0x77       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeLineCallout4          =0x70       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeLineCallout4AccentBar =0x74       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeLineCallout4BorderandAccentBar=0x7c       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeLineCallout4NoBorder  =0x78       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeLineInverse           =0xb7       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeMathDivide            =0xa6       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeMathEqual             =0xa7       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeMathMinus             =0xa4       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeMathMultiply          =0xa5       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeMathNotEqual          =0xa8       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeMathPlus              =0xa3       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeMixed                 =-2         # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeMoon                  =0x18       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeNoSymbol              =0x13       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeNonIsoscelesTrapezoid =0x8f       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeNotPrimitive          =0x8a       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeNotchedRightArrow     =0x32       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeOctagon               =0x6        # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeOval                  =0x9        # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeOvalCallout           =0x6b       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeParallelogram         =0x2        # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapePentagon              =0x33       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapePie                   =0x8e       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapePieWedge              =0xaf       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapePlaque                =0x1c       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapePlaqueTabs            =0xab       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeQuadArrow             =0x27       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeQuadArrowCallout      =0x3b       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeRectangle             =0x1        # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeRectangularCallout    =0x69       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeRegularPentagon       =0xc        # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeRightArrow            =0x21       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeRightArrowCallout     =0x35       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeRightBrace            =0x20       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeRightBracket          =0x1e       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeRightTriangle         =0x8        # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeRound1Rectangle       =0x97       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeRound2DiagRectangle   =0x99       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeRound2SameRectangle   =0x98       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeRoundedRectangle      =0x5        # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeRoundedRectangularCallout=0x6a       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeSmileyFace            =0x11       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeSnip1Rectangle        =0x9b       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeSnip2DiagRectangle    =0x9d       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeSnip2SameRectangle    =0x9c       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeSnipRoundRectangle    =0x9a       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeSquareTabs            =0xaa       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeStripedRightArrow     =0x31       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeSun                   =0x17       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeSwooshArrow           =0xb2       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeTear                  =0xa0       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeTrapezoid             =0x3        # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeUTurnArrow            =0x2a       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeUpArrow               =0x23       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeUpArrowCallout        =0x37       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeUpDownArrow           =0x26       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeUpDownArrowCallout    =0x3a       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeUpRibbon              =0x61       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeVerticalScroll        =0x65       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoShapeWave                  =0x67       # from enum MsoAutoShapeType
ms$msoAutoSizeMixed              =-2         # from enum MsoAutoSize
ms$msoAutoSizeNone               =0x0        # from enum MsoAutoSize
ms$msoAutoSizeShapeToFitText     =0x1        # from enum MsoAutoSize
ms$msoAutoSizeTextToFitShape     =0x2        # from enum MsoAutoSize
ms$msoAutomationSecurityByUI     =0x2        # from enum MsoAutomationSecurity
ms$msoAutomationSecurityForceDisable=0x3        # from enum MsoAutomationSecurity
ms$msoAutomationSecurityLow      =0x1        # from enum MsoAutomationSecurity
ms$msoBackgroundStyleMixed       =-2         # from enum MsoBackgroundStyleIndex
ms$msoBackgroundStyleNotAPreset  =0x0        # from enum MsoBackgroundStyleIndex
ms$msoBackgroundStylePreset1     =0x1        # from enum MsoBackgroundStyleIndex
ms$msoBackgroundStylePreset10    =0xa        # from enum MsoBackgroundStyleIndex
ms$msoBackgroundStylePreset11    =0xb        # from enum MsoBackgroundStyleIndex
ms$msoBackgroundStylePreset12    =0xc        # from enum MsoBackgroundStyleIndex
ms$msoBackgroundStylePreset2     =0x2        # from enum MsoBackgroundStyleIndex
ms$msoBackgroundStylePreset3     =0x3        # from enum MsoBackgroundStyleIndex
ms$msoBackgroundStylePreset4     =0x4        # from enum MsoBackgroundStyleIndex
ms$msoBackgroundStylePreset5     =0x5        # from enum MsoBackgroundStyleIndex
ms$msoBackgroundStylePreset6     =0x6        # from enum MsoBackgroundStyleIndex
ms$msoBackgroundStylePreset7     =0x7        # from enum MsoBackgroundStyleIndex
ms$msoBackgroundStylePreset8     =0x8        # from enum MsoBackgroundStyleIndex
ms$msoBackgroundStylePreset9     =0x9        # from enum MsoBackgroundStyleIndex
ms$msoBalloonButtonAbort         =-8         # from enum MsoBalloonButtonType
ms$msoBalloonButtonBack          =-5         # from enum MsoBalloonButtonType
ms$msoBalloonButtonCancel        =-2         # from enum MsoBalloonButtonType
ms$msoBalloonButtonClose         =-12        # from enum MsoBalloonButtonType
ms$msoBalloonButtonIgnore        =-9         # from enum MsoBalloonButtonType
ms$msoBalloonButtonNext          =-6         # from enum MsoBalloonButtonType
ms$msoBalloonButtonNo            =-4         # from enum MsoBalloonButtonType
ms$msoBalloonButtonNull          =0x0        # from enum MsoBalloonButtonType
ms$msoBalloonButtonOK            =-1         # from enum MsoBalloonButtonType
ms$msoBalloonButtonOptions       =-14        # from enum MsoBalloonButtonType
ms$msoBalloonButtonRetry         =-7         # from enum MsoBalloonButtonType
ms$msoBalloonButtonSearch        =-10        # from enum MsoBalloonButtonType
ms$msoBalloonButtonSnooze        =-11        # from enum MsoBalloonButtonType
ms$msoBalloonButtonTips          =-13        # from enum MsoBalloonButtonType
ms$msoBalloonButtonYes           =-3         # from enum MsoBalloonButtonType
ms$msoBalloonButtonYesToAll      =-15        # from enum MsoBalloonButtonType
ms$msoBalloonErrorBadCharacter   =0x8        # from enum MsoBalloonErrorType
ms$msoBalloonErrorBadPictureRef  =0x4        # from enum MsoBalloonErrorType
ms$msoBalloonErrorBadReference   =0x5        # from enum MsoBalloonErrorType
ms$msoBalloonErrorButtonModeless =0x7        # from enum MsoBalloonErrorType
ms$msoBalloonErrorButtonlessModal=0x6        # from enum MsoBalloonErrorType
ms$msoBalloonErrorCOMFailure     =0x9        # from enum MsoBalloonErrorType
ms$msoBalloonErrorCharNotTopmostForModal=0xa        # from enum MsoBalloonErrorType
ms$msoBalloonErrorNone           =0x0        # from enum MsoBalloonErrorType
ms$msoBalloonErrorOther          =0x1        # from enum MsoBalloonErrorType
ms$msoBalloonErrorOutOfMemory    =0x3        # from enum MsoBalloonErrorType
ms$msoBalloonErrorTooBig         =0x2        # from enum MsoBalloonErrorType
ms$msoBalloonErrorTooManyControls=0xb        # from enum MsoBalloonErrorType
ms$msoBalloonTypeBullets         =0x1        # from enum MsoBalloonType
ms$msoBalloonTypeButtons         =0x0        # from enum MsoBalloonType
ms$msoBalloonTypeNumbers         =0x2        # from enum MsoBalloonType
ms$msoBarBottom                  =0x3        # from enum MsoBarPosition
ms$msoBarFloating                =0x4        # from enum MsoBarPosition
ms$msoBarLeft                    =0x0        # from enum MsoBarPosition
ms$msoBarMenuBar                 =0x6        # from enum MsoBarPosition
ms$msoBarPopup                   =0x5        # from enum MsoBarPosition
ms$msoBarRight                   =0x2        # from enum MsoBarPosition
ms$msoBarTop                     =0x1        # from enum MsoBarPosition
ms$msoBarNoChangeDock            =0x10       # from enum MsoBarProtection
ms$msoBarNoChangeVisible         =0x8        # from enum MsoBarProtection
ms$msoBarNoCustomize             =0x1        # from enum MsoBarProtection
ms$msoBarNoHorizontalDock        =0x40       # from enum MsoBarProtection
ms$msoBarNoMove                  =0x4        # from enum MsoBarProtection
ms$msoBarNoProtection            =0x0        # from enum MsoBarProtection
ms$msoBarNoResize                =0x2        # from enum MsoBarProtection
ms$msoBarNoVerticalDock          =0x20       # from enum MsoBarProtection
ms$msoBarRowFirst                =0x0        # from enum MsoBarRow
ms$msoBarRowLast                 =-1         # from enum MsoBarRow
ms$msoBarTypeMenuBar             =0x1        # from enum MsoBarType
ms$msoBarTypeNormal              =0x0        # from enum MsoBarType
ms$msoBarTypePopup               =0x2        # from enum MsoBarType
ms$msoBaselineAlignAuto          =0x5        # from enum MsoBaselineAlignment
ms$msoBaselineAlignBaseline      =0x1        # from enum MsoBaselineAlignment
ms$msoBaselineAlignCenter        =0x3        # from enum MsoBaselineAlignment
ms$msoBaselineAlignFarEast50     =0x4        # from enum MsoBaselineAlignment
ms$msoBaselineAlignMixed         =-2         # from enum MsoBaselineAlignment
ms$msoBaselineAlignTop           =0x2        # from enum MsoBaselineAlignment
ms$msoBevelAngle                 =0x6        # from enum MsoBevelType
ms$msoBevelArtDeco               =0xd        # from enum MsoBevelType
ms$msoBevelCircle                =0x3        # from enum MsoBevelType
ms$msoBevelConvex                =0x8        # from enum MsoBevelType
ms$msoBevelCoolSlant             =0x9        # from enum MsoBevelType
ms$msoBevelCross                 =0x5        # from enum MsoBevelType
ms$msoBevelDivot                 =0xa        # from enum MsoBevelType
ms$msoBevelHardEdge              =0xc        # from enum MsoBevelType
ms$msoBevelNone                  =0x1        # from enum MsoBevelType
ms$msoBevelRelaxedInset          =0x2        # from enum MsoBevelType
ms$msoBevelRiblet                =0xb        # from enum MsoBevelType
ms$msoBevelSlope                 =0x4        # from enum MsoBevelType
ms$msoBevelSoftRound             =0x7        # from enum MsoBevelType
ms$msoBevelTypeMixed             =-2         # from enum MsoBevelType
ms$msoBlackWhiteAutomatic        =0x1        # from enum MsoBlackWhiteMode
ms$msoBlackWhiteBlack            =0x8        # from enum MsoBlackWhiteMode
ms$msoBlackWhiteBlackTextAndLine =0x6        # from enum MsoBlackWhiteMode
ms$msoBlackWhiteDontShow         =0xa        # from enum MsoBlackWhiteMode
ms$msoBlackWhiteGrayOutline      =0x5        # from enum MsoBlackWhiteMode
ms$msoBlackWhiteGrayScale        =0x2        # from enum MsoBlackWhiteMode
ms$msoBlackWhiteHighContrast     =0x7        # from enum MsoBlackWhiteMode
ms$msoBlackWhiteInverseGrayScale =0x4        # from enum MsoBlackWhiteMode
ms$msoBlackWhiteLightGrayScale   =0x3        # from enum MsoBlackWhiteMode
ms$msoBlackWhiteMixed            =-2         # from enum MsoBlackWhiteMode
ms$msoBlackWhiteWhite            =0x9        # from enum MsoBlackWhiteMode
ms$msoBlogMultipleCategories     =0x2        # from enum MsoBlogCategorySupport
ms$msoBlogNoCategories           =0x0        # from enum MsoBlogCategorySupport
ms$msoBlogOneCategory            =0x1        # from enum MsoBlogCategorySupport
ms$msoblogImageTypeGIF           =0x2        # from enum MsoBlogImageType
ms$msoblogImageTypeJPEG          =0x1        # from enum MsoBlogImageType
ms$msoblogImageTypePNG           =0x3        # from enum MsoBlogImageType
ms$msoBulletMixed                =-2         # from enum MsoBulletType
ms$msoBulletNone                 =0x0        # from enum MsoBulletType
ms$msoBulletNumbered             =0x2        # from enum MsoBulletType
ms$msoBulletPicture              =0x3        # from enum MsoBulletType
ms$msoBulletUnnumbered           =0x1        # from enum MsoBulletType
ms$msoButtonSetAbortRetryIgnore  =0xa        # from enum MsoButtonSetType
ms$msoButtonSetBackClose         =0x6        # from enum MsoButtonSetType
ms$msoButtonSetBackNextClose     =0x8        # from enum MsoButtonSetType
ms$msoButtonSetBackNextSnooze    =0xc        # from enum MsoButtonSetType
ms$msoButtonSetCancel            =0x2        # from enum MsoButtonSetType
ms$msoButtonSetNextClose         =0x7        # from enum MsoButtonSetType
ms$msoButtonSetNone              =0x0        # from enum MsoButtonSetType
ms$msoButtonSetOK                =0x1        # from enum MsoButtonSetType
ms$msoButtonSetOkCancel          =0x3        # from enum MsoButtonSetType
ms$msoButtonSetRetryCancel       =0x9        # from enum MsoButtonSetType
ms$msoButtonSetSearchClose       =0xb        # from enum MsoButtonSetType
ms$msoButtonSetTipsOptionsClose  =0xd        # from enum MsoButtonSetType
ms$msoButtonSetYesAllNoCancel    =0xe        # from enum MsoButtonSetType
ms$msoButtonSetYesNo             =0x4        # from enum MsoButtonSetType
ms$msoButtonSetYesNoCancel       =0x5        # from enum MsoButtonSetType
ms$msoButtonDown                 =-1         # from enum MsoButtonState
ms$msoButtonMixed                =0x2        # from enum MsoButtonState
ms$msoButtonUp                   =0x0        # from enum MsoButtonState
ms$msoButtonAutomatic            =0x0        # from enum MsoButtonStyle
ms$msoButtonCaption              =0x2        # from enum MsoButtonStyle
ms$msoButtonIcon                 =0x1        # from enum MsoButtonStyle
ms$msoButtonIconAndCaption       =0x3        # from enum MsoButtonStyle
ms$msoButtonIconAndCaptionBelow  =0xb        # from enum MsoButtonStyle
ms$msoButtonIconAndWrapCaption   =0x7        # from enum MsoButtonStyle
ms$msoButtonIconAndWrapCaptionBelow=0xf        # from enum MsoButtonStyle
ms$msoButtonWrapCaption          =0xe        # from enum MsoButtonStyle
ms$msoButtonTextBelow            =0x8        # from enum MsoButtonStyleHidden
ms$msoButtonWrapText             =0x4        # from enum MsoButtonStyleHidden
ms$msoCTPDockPositionBottom      =0x3        # from enum MsoCTPDockPosition
ms$msoCTPDockPositionFloating    =0x4        # from enum MsoCTPDockPosition
ms$msoCTPDockPositionLeft        =0x0        # from enum MsoCTPDockPosition
ms$msoCTPDockPositionRight       =0x2        # from enum MsoCTPDockPosition
ms$msoCTPDockPositionTop         =0x1        # from enum MsoCTPDockPosition
ms$msoCTPDockPositionRestrictNoChange=0x1        # from enum MsoCTPDockPositionRestrict
ms$msoCTPDockPositionRestrictNoHorizontal=0x2        # from enum MsoCTPDockPositionRestrict
ms$msoCTPDockPositionRestrictNoVertical=0x3        # from enum MsoCTPDockPositionRestrict
ms$msoCTPDockPositionRestrictNone=0x0        # from enum MsoCTPDockPositionRestrict
ms$msoCalloutAngle30             =0x2        # from enum MsoCalloutAngleType
ms$msoCalloutAngle45             =0x3        # from enum MsoCalloutAngleType
ms$msoCalloutAngle60             =0x4        # from enum MsoCalloutAngleType
ms$msoCalloutAngle90             =0x5        # from enum MsoCalloutAngleType
ms$msoCalloutAngleAutomatic      =0x1        # from enum MsoCalloutAngleType
ms$msoCalloutAngleMixed          =-2         # from enum MsoCalloutAngleType
ms$msoCalloutDropBottom          =0x4        # from enum MsoCalloutDropType
ms$msoCalloutDropCenter          =0x3        # from enum MsoCalloutDropType
ms$msoCalloutDropCustom          =0x1        # from enum MsoCalloutDropType
ms$msoCalloutDropMixed           =-2         # from enum MsoCalloutDropType
ms$msoCalloutDropTop             =0x2        # from enum MsoCalloutDropType
ms$msoCalloutFour                =0x4        # from enum MsoCalloutType
ms$msoCalloutMixed               =-2         # from enum MsoCalloutType
ms$msoCalloutOne                 =0x1        # from enum MsoCalloutType
ms$msoCalloutThree               =0x3        # from enum MsoCalloutType
ms$msoCalloutTwo                 =0x2        # from enum MsoCalloutType
ms$msoCharacterSetArabic         =0x1        # from enum MsoCharacterSet
ms$msoCharacterSetCyrillic       =0x2        # from enum MsoCharacterSet
ms$msoCharacterSetEnglishWesternEuropeanOtherLatinScript=0x3        # from enum MsoCharacterSet
ms$msoCharacterSetGreek          =0x4        # from enum MsoCharacterSet
ms$msoCharacterSetHebrew         =0x5        # from enum MsoCharacterSet
ms$msoCharacterSetJapanese       =0x6        # from enum MsoCharacterSet
ms$msoCharacterSetKorean         =0x7        # from enum MsoCharacterSet
ms$msoCharacterSetMultilingualUnicode=0x8        # from enum MsoCharacterSet
ms$msoCharacterSetSimplifiedChinese=0x9        # from enum MsoCharacterSet
ms$msoCharacterSetThai           =0xa        # from enum MsoCharacterSet
ms$msoCharacterSetTraditionalChinese=0xb        # from enum MsoCharacterSet
ms$msoCharacterSetVietnamese     =0xc        # from enum MsoCharacterSet
ms$msoElementChartFloorNone      =0x4b0      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementChartFloorShow      =0x4b1      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementChartTitleAboveChart=0x2        # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementChartTitleCenteredOverlay=0x1        # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementChartTitleNone      =0x0        # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementChartWallNone       =0x44c      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementChartWallShow       =0x44d      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementDataLabelBestFit    =0xd2       # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementDataLabelBottom     =0xd1       # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementDataLabelCenter     =0xca       # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementDataLabelInsideBase =0xcc       # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementDataLabelInsideEnd  =0xcb       # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementDataLabelLeft       =0xce       # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementDataLabelNone       =0xc8       # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementDataLabelOutSideEnd =0xcd       # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementDataLabelRight      =0xcf       # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementDataLabelShow       =0xc9       # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementDataLabelTop        =0xd0       # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementDataTableNone       =0x1f4      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementDataTableShow       =0x1f5      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementDataTableWithLegendKeys=0x1f6      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementErrorBarNone        =0x2bc      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementErrorBarPercentage  =0x2be      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementErrorBarStandardDeviation=0x2bf      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementErrorBarStandardError=0x2bd      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementLegendBottom        =0x68       # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementLegendLeft          =0x67       # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementLegendLeftOverlay   =0x6a       # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementLegendNone          =0x64       # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementLegendRight         =0x65       # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementLegendRightOverlay  =0x69       # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementLegendTop           =0x66       # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementLineDropHiLoLine    =0x324      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementLineDropLine        =0x321      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementLineHiLoLine        =0x322      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementLineNone            =0x320      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementLineSeriesLine      =0x323      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPlotAreaNone        =0x3e8      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPlotAreaShow        =0x3e9      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryCategoryAxisBillions=0x176      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryCategoryAxisLogScale=0x177      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryCategoryAxisMillions=0x175      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryCategoryAxisNone=0x15c      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryCategoryAxisReverse=0x15f      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryCategoryAxisShow=0x15d      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryCategoryAxisThousands=0x174      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryCategoryAxisTitleAdjacentToAxis=0x12d      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryCategoryAxisTitleBelowAxis=0x12e      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryCategoryAxisTitleHorizontal=0x131      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryCategoryAxisTitleNone=0x12c      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryCategoryAxisTitleRotated=0x12f      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryCategoryAxisTitleVertical=0x130      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryCategoryAxisWithoutLabels=0x15e      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryCategoryGridLinesMajor=0x14e      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryCategoryGridLinesMinor=0x14d      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryCategoryGridLinesMinorMajor=0x14f      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryCategoryGridLinesNone=0x14c      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryValueAxisBillions=0x164      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryValueAxisLogScale=0x165      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryValueAxisMillions=0x163      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryValueAxisNone=0x160      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryValueAxisShow=0x161      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryValueAxisThousands=0x162      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryValueAxisTitleAdjacentToAxis=0x132      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryValueAxisTitleBelowAxis=0x134      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryValueAxisTitleHorizontal=0x137      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryValueAxisTitleNone=0x132      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryValueAxisTitleRotated=0x135      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryValueAxisTitleVertical=0x136      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryValueGridLinesMajor=0x14a      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryValueGridLinesMinor=0x149      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryValueGridLinesMinorMajor=0x14b      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementPrimaryValueGridLinesNone=0x148      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryCategoryAxisBillions=0x17a      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryCategoryAxisLogScale=0x17b      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryCategoryAxisMillions=0x179      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryCategoryAxisNone=0x166      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryCategoryAxisReverse=0x169      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryCategoryAxisShow=0x167      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryCategoryAxisThousands=0x178      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryCategoryAxisTitleAdjacentToAxis=0x139      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryCategoryAxisTitleBelowAxis=0x13a      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryCategoryAxisTitleHorizontal=0x13d      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryCategoryAxisTitleNone=0x138      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryCategoryAxisTitleRotated=0x13b      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryCategoryAxisTitleVertical=0x13c      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryCategoryAxisWithoutLabels=0x168      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryCategoryGridLinesMajor=0x156      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryCategoryGridLinesMinor=0x155      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryCategoryGridLinesMinorMajor=0x157      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryCategoryGridLinesNone=0x154      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryValueAxisBillions=0x16e      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryValueAxisLogScale=0x16f      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryValueAxisMillions=0x16d      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryValueAxisNone=0x16a      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryValueAxisShow=0x16b      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryValueAxisThousands=0x16c      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryValueAxisTitleAdjacentToAxis=0x13f      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryValueAxisTitleBelowAxis=0x140      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryValueAxisTitleHorizontal=0x143      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryValueAxisTitleNone=0x13e      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryValueAxisTitleRotated=0x141      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryValueAxisTitleVertical=0x142      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryValueGridLinesMajor=0x152      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryValueGridLinesMinor=0x151      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryValueGridLinesMinorMajor=0x153      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSecondaryValueGridLinesNone=0x150      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSeriesAxisGridLinesMajor=0x15a      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSeriesAxisGridLinesMinor=0x159      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSeriesAxisGridLinesMinorMajor=0x15b      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSeriesAxisGridLinesNone=0x158      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSeriesAxisNone      =0x170      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSeriesAxisReverse   =0x173      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSeriesAxisShow      =0x171      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSeriesAxisTitleHorizontal=0x147      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSeriesAxisTitleNone =0x144      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSeriesAxisTitleRotated=0x145      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSeriesAxisTitleVertical=0x146      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementSeriesAxisWithoutLabeling=0x172      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementTrendlineAddExponential=0x25a      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementTrendlineAddLinear  =0x259      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementTrendlineAddLinearForecast=0x25b      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementTrendlineAddTwoPeriodMovingAverage=0x25c      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementTrendlineNone       =0x258      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementUpDownBarsNone      =0x384      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoElementUpDownBarsShow      =0x385      # from enum MsoChartElementType
ms$msoClipboardFormatHTML        =0x2        # from enum MsoClipboardFormat
ms$msoClipboardFormatMixed       =-2         # from enum MsoClipboardFormat
ms$msoClipboardFormatNative      =0x1        # from enum MsoClipboardFormat
ms$msoClipboardFormatPlainText   =0x4        # from enum MsoClipboardFormat
ms$msoClipboardFormatRTF         =0x3        # from enum MsoClipboardFormat
ms$msoColorTypeCMS               =0x4        # from enum MsoColorType
ms$msoColorTypeCMYK              =0x3        # from enum MsoColorType
ms$msoColorTypeInk               =0x5        # from enum MsoColorType
ms$msoColorTypeMixed             =-2         # from enum MsoColorType
ms$msoColorTypeRGB               =0x1        # from enum MsoColorType
ms$msoColorTypeScheme            =0x2        # from enum MsoColorType
ms$msoComboLabel                 =0x1        # from enum MsoComboStyle
ms$msoComboNormal                =0x0        # from enum MsoComboStyle
ms$msoCommandBarButtonHyperlinkInsertPicture=0x2        # from enum MsoCommandBarButtonHyperlinkType
ms$msoCommandBarButtonHyperlinkNone=0x0        # from enum MsoCommandBarButtonHyperlinkType
ms$msoCommandBarButtonHyperlinkOpen=0x1        # from enum MsoCommandBarButtonHyperlinkType
ms$msoConditionAnyNumberBetween  =0x22       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionAnytime           =0x19       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionAnytimeBetween    =0x1a       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionAtLeast           =0x24       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionAtMost            =0x23       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionBeginsWith        =0xb        # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionDoesNotEqual      =0x21       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionEndsWith          =0xc        # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionEquals            =0x20       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionEqualsCompleted   =0x42       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionEqualsDeferred    =0x44       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionEqualsHigh        =0x3c       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionEqualsInProgress  =0x41       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionEqualsLow         =0x3a       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionEqualsNormal      =0x3b       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionEqualsNotStarted  =0x40       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionEqualsWaitingForSomeoneElse=0x43       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionFileTypeAllFiles  =0x1        # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionFileTypeBinders   =0x6        # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionFileTypeCalendarItem=0x2d       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionFileTypeContactItem=0x2e       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionFileTypeDataConnectionFiles=0x33       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionFileTypeDatabases =0x7        # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionFileTypeDesignerFiles=0x38       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionFileTypeDocumentImagingFiles=0x36       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionFileTypeExcelWorkbooks=0x4        # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionFileTypeJournalItem=0x30       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionFileTypeMailItem  =0x2c       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionFileTypeNoteItem  =0x2f       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionFileTypeOfficeFiles=0x2        # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionFileTypeOutlookItems=0x2b       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionFileTypePhotoDrawFiles=0x32       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionFileTypePowerPointPresentations=0x5        # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionFileTypeProjectFiles=0x35       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionFileTypePublisherFiles=0x34       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionFileTypeTaskItem  =0x31       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionFileTypeTemplates =0x8        # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionFileTypeVisioFiles=0x37       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionFileTypeWebPages  =0x39       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionFileTypeWordDocuments=0x3        # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionFreeText          =0x2a       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionInTheLast         =0x1f       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionInTheNext         =0x1e       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionIncludes          =0x9        # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionIncludesFormsOf   =0x29       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionIncludesNearEachOther=0xd        # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionIncludesPhrase    =0xa        # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionIsExactly         =0xe        # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionIsNo              =0x28       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionIsNot             =0xf        # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionIsYes             =0x27       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionLastMonth         =0x16       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionLastWeek          =0x13       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionLessThan          =0x26       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionMoreThan          =0x25       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionNextMonth         =0x18       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionNextWeek          =0x15       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionNotEqualToCompleted=0x47       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionNotEqualToDeferred=0x49       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionNotEqualToHigh    =0x3f       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionNotEqualToInProgress=0x46       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionNotEqualToLow     =0x3d       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionNotEqualToNormal  =0x3e       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionNotEqualToNotStarted=0x45       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionNotEqualToWaitingForSomeoneElse=0x48       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionOn                =0x1b       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionOnOrAfter         =0x1c       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionOnOrBefore        =0x1d       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionThisMonth         =0x17       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionThisWeek          =0x14       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionToday             =0x11       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionTomorrow          =0x12       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConditionYesterday         =0x10       # from enum MsoCondition
ms$msoConnectorAnd               =0x1        # from enum MsoConnector
ms$msoConnectorOr                =0x2        # from enum MsoConnector
ms$msoConnectorCurve             =0x3        # from enum MsoConnectorType
ms$msoConnectorElbow             =0x2        # from enum MsoConnectorType
ms$msoConnectorStraight          =0x1        # from enum MsoConnectorType
ms$msoConnectorTypeMixed         =-2         # from enum MsoConnectorType
ms$msoControlOLEUsageBoth        =0x3        # from enum MsoControlOLEUsage
ms$msoControlOLEUsageClient      =0x2        # from enum MsoControlOLEUsage
ms$msoControlOLEUsageNeither     =0x0        # from enum MsoControlOLEUsage
ms$msoControlOLEUsageServer      =0x1        # from enum MsoControlOLEUsage
ms$msoControlActiveX             =0x16       # from enum MsoControlType
ms$msoControlAutoCompleteCombo   =0x1a       # from enum MsoControlType
ms$msoControlButton              =0x1        # from enum MsoControlType
ms$msoControlButtonDropdown      =0x5        # from enum MsoControlType
ms$msoControlButtonPopup         =0xc        # from enum MsoControlType
ms$msoControlComboBox            =0x4        # from enum MsoControlType
ms$msoControlCustom              =0x0        # from enum MsoControlType
ms$msoControlDropdown            =0x3        # from enum MsoControlType
ms$msoControlEdit                =0x2        # from enum MsoControlType
ms$msoControlExpandingGrid       =0x10       # from enum MsoControlType
ms$msoControlGauge               =0x13       # from enum MsoControlType
ms$msoControlGenericDropdown     =0x8        # from enum MsoControlType
ms$msoControlGraphicCombo        =0x14       # from enum MsoControlType
ms$msoControlGraphicDropdown     =0x9        # from enum MsoControlType
ms$msoControlGraphicPopup        =0xb        # from enum MsoControlType
ms$msoControlGrid                =0x12       # from enum MsoControlType
ms$msoControlLabel               =0xf        # from enum MsoControlType
ms$msoControlLabelEx             =0x18       # from enum MsoControlType
ms$msoControlOCXDropdown         =0x7        # from enum MsoControlType
ms$msoControlPane                =0x15       # from enum MsoControlType
ms$msoControlPopup               =0xa        # from enum MsoControlType
ms$msoControlSpinner             =0x17       # from enum MsoControlType
ms$msoControlSplitButtonMRUPopup =0xe        # from enum MsoControlType
ms$msoControlSplitButtonPopup    =0xd        # from enum MsoControlType
ms$msoControlSplitDropdown       =0x6        # from enum MsoControlType
ms$msoControlSplitExpandingGrid  =0x11       # from enum MsoControlType
ms$msoControlWorkPane            =0x19       # from enum MsoControlType
ms$msoCustomXMLNodeAttribute     =0x2        # from enum MsoCustomXMLNodeType
ms$msoCustomXMLNodeCData         =0x4        # from enum MsoCustomXMLNodeType
ms$msoCustomXMLNodeComment       =0x8        # from enum MsoCustomXMLNodeType
ms$msoCustomXMLNodeDocument      =0x9        # from enum MsoCustomXMLNodeType
ms$msoCustomXMLNodeElement       =0x1        # from enum MsoCustomXMLNodeType
ms$msoCustomXMLNodeProcessingInstruction=0x7        # from enum MsoCustomXMLNodeType
ms$msoCustomXMLNodeText          =0x3        # from enum MsoCustomXMLNodeType
ms$msoCustomXMLValidationErrorAutomaticallyCleared=0x1        # from enum MsoCustomXMLValidationErrorType
ms$msoCustomXMLValidationErrorManual=0x2        # from enum MsoCustomXMLValidationErrorType
ms$msoCustomXMLValidationErrorSchemaGenerated=0x0        # from enum MsoCustomXMLValidationErrorType
ms$msoDateTimeFigureOut          =0xe        # from enum MsoDateTimeFormat
ms$msoDateTimeFormatMixed        =-2         # from enum MsoDateTimeFormat
ms$msoDateTimeHmm                =0xa        # from enum MsoDateTimeFormat
ms$msoDateTimeHmmss              =0xb        # from enum MsoDateTimeFormat
ms$msoDateTimeMMMMdyyyy          =0x4        # from enum MsoDateTimeFormat
ms$msoDateTimeMMMMyy             =0x6        # from enum MsoDateTimeFormat
ms$msoDateTimeMMddyyHmm          =0x8        # from enum MsoDateTimeFormat
ms$msoDateTimeMMddyyhmmAMPM      =0x9        # from enum MsoDateTimeFormat
ms$msoDateTimeMMyy               =0x7        # from enum MsoDateTimeFormat
ms$msoDateTimeMdyy               =0x1        # from enum MsoDateTimeFormat
ms$msoDateTimedMMMMyyyy          =0x3        # from enum MsoDateTimeFormat
ms$msoDateTimedMMMyy             =0x5        # from enum MsoDateTimeFormat
ms$msoDateTimeddddMMMMddyyyy     =0x2        # from enum MsoDateTimeFormat
ms$msoDateTimehmmAMPM            =0xc        # from enum MsoDateTimeFormat
ms$msoDateTimehmmssAMPM          =0xd        # from enum MsoDateTimeFormat
ms$msoDiagramAssistant           =0x2        # from enum MsoDiagramNodeType
ms$msoDiagramNode                =0x1        # from enum MsoDiagramNodeType
ms$msoDiagramCycle               =0x2        # from enum MsoDiagramType
ms$msoDiagramMixed               =-2         # from enum MsoDiagramType
ms$msoDiagramOrgChart            =0x1        # from enum MsoDiagramType
ms$msoDiagramPyramid             =0x4        # from enum MsoDiagramType
ms$msoDiagramRadial              =0x3        # from enum MsoDiagramType
ms$msoDiagramTarget              =0x6        # from enum MsoDiagramType
ms$msoDiagramVenn                =0x5        # from enum MsoDiagramType
ms$msoDistributeHorizontally     =0x0        # from enum MsoDistributeCmd
ms$msoDistributeVertically       =0x1        # from enum MsoDistributeCmd
ms$msoDocInspectorStatusDocOk    =0x0        # from enum MsoDocInspectorStatus
ms$msoDocInspectorStatusError    =0x2        # from enum MsoDocInspectorStatus
ms$msoDocInspectorStatusIssueFound=0x1        # from enum MsoDocInspectorStatus
ms$msoPropertyTypeBoolean        =0x2        # from enum MsoDocProperties
ms$msoPropertyTypeDate           =0x3        # from enum MsoDocProperties
ms$msoPropertyTypeFloat          =0x5        # from enum MsoDocProperties
ms$msoPropertyTypeNumber         =0x1        # from enum MsoDocProperties
ms$msoPropertyTypeString         =0x4        # from enum MsoDocProperties
ms$msoEditingAuto                =0x0        # from enum MsoEditingType
ms$msoEditingCorner              =0x1        # from enum MsoEditingType
ms$msoEditingSmooth              =0x2        # from enum MsoEditingType
ms$msoEditingSymmetric           =0x3        # from enum MsoEditingType
ms$msoEncodingArabic             =0x4e8      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingArabicASMO         =0x2c4      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingArabicAutoDetect   =0xc838     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingArabicTransparentASMO=0x2d0      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingAutoDetect         =0xc351     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingBaltic             =0x4e9      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingCentralEuropean    =0x4e2      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingCyrillic           =0x4e3      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingCyrillicAutoDetect =0xc833     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEBCDICArabic       =0x4fc4     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEBCDICDenmarkNorway=0x4f35     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEBCDICFinlandSweden=0x4f36     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEBCDICFrance       =0x4f49     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEBCDICGermany      =0x4f31     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEBCDICGreek        =0x4fc7     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEBCDICGreekModern  =0x36b      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEBCDICHebrew       =0x4fc8     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEBCDICIcelandic    =0x5187     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEBCDICInternational=0x1f4      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEBCDICItaly        =0x4f38     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEBCDICJapaneseKatakanaExtended=0x4f42     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEBCDICJapaneseKatakanaExtendedAndJapanese=0xc6f2     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEBCDICJapaneseLatinExtendedAndJapanese=0xc6fb     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEBCDICKoreanExtended=0x5161     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEBCDICKoreanExtendedAndKorean=0xc6f5     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEBCDICLatinAmericaSpain=0x4f3c     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEBCDICMultilingualROECELatin2=0x366      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEBCDICRussian      =0x5190     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEBCDICSerbianBulgarian=0x5221     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEBCDICSimplifiedChineseExtendedAndSimplifiedChinese=0xc6f7     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEBCDICThai         =0x5166     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEBCDICTurkish      =0x51a9     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEBCDICTurkishLatin5=0x402      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEBCDICUSCanada     =0x25       # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEBCDICUSCanadaAndJapanese=0xc6f3     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEBCDICUSCanadaAndTraditionalChinese=0xc6f9     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEBCDICUnitedKingdom=0x4f3d     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEUCChineseSimplifiedChinese=0xcae0     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEUCJapanese        =0xcadc     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEUCKorean          =0xcaed     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEUCTaiwaneseTraditionalChinese=0xcaee     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingEuropa3            =0x7149     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingExtAlphaLowercase  =0x5223     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingGreek              =0x4e5      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingGreekAutoDetect    =0xc835     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingHZGBSimplifiedChinese=0xcec8     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingHebrew             =0x4e7      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingIA5German          =0x4e8a     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingIA5IRV             =0x4e89     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingIA5Norwegian       =0x4e8c     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingIA5Swedish         =0x4e8b     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingISCIIAssamese      =0xdeae     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingISCIIBengali       =0xdeab     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingISCIIDevanagari    =0xdeaa     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingISCIIGujarati      =0xdeb2     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingISCIIKannada       =0xdeb0     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingISCIIMalayalam     =0xdeb1     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingISCIIOriya         =0xdeaf     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingISCIIPunjabi       =0xdeb3     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingISCIITamil         =0xdeac     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingISCIITelugu        =0xdead     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingISO2022CNSimplifiedChinese=0xc435     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingISO2022CNTraditionalChinese=0xc433     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingISO2022JPJISX02011989=0xc42e     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingISO2022JPJISX02021984=0xc42d     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingISO2022JPNoHalfwidthKatakana=0xc42c     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingISO2022KR          =0xc431     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingISO6937NonSpacingAccent=0x4f2d     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingISO885915Latin9    =0x6fbd     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingISO88591Latin1     =0x6faf     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingISO88592CentralEurope=0x6fb0     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingISO88593Latin3     =0x6fb1     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingISO88594Baltic     =0x6fb2     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingISO88595Cyrillic   =0x6fb3     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingISO88596Arabic     =0x6fb4     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingISO88597Greek      =0x6fb5     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingISO88598Hebrew     =0x6fb6     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingISO88598HebrewLogical=0x96c6     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingISO88599Turkish    =0x6fb7     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingJapaneseAutoDetect =0xc6f4     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingJapaneseShiftJIS   =0x3a4      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingKOI8R              =0x5182     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingKOI8U              =0x556a     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingKorean             =0x3b5      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingKoreanAutoDetect   =0xc705     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingKoreanJohab        =0x551      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingMacArabic          =0x2714     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingMacCroatia         =0x2762     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingMacCyrillic        =0x2717     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingMacGreek1          =0x2716     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingMacHebrew          =0x2715     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingMacIcelandic       =0x275f     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingMacJapanese        =0x2711     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingMacKorean          =0x2713     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingMacLatin2          =0x272d     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingMacRoman           =0x2710     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingMacRomania         =0x271a     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingMacSimplifiedChineseGB2312=0x2718     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingMacTraditionalChineseBig5=0x2712     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingMacTurkish         =0x2761     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingMacUkraine         =0x2721     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingOEMArabic          =0x360      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingOEMBaltic          =0x307      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingOEMCanadianFrench  =0x35f      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingOEMCyrillic        =0x357      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingOEMCyrillicII      =0x362      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingOEMGreek437G       =0x2e1      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingOEMHebrew          =0x35e      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingOEMIcelandic       =0x35d      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingOEMModernGreek     =0x365      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingOEMMultilingualLatinI=0x352      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingOEMMultilingualLatinII=0x354      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingOEMNordic          =0x361      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingOEMPortuguese      =0x35c      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingOEMTurkish         =0x359      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingOEMUnitedStates    =0x1b5      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingSimplifiedChineseAutoDetect=0xc6f8     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingSimplifiedChineseGB18030=0xd698     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingSimplifiedChineseGBK=0x3a8      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingT61                =0x4f25     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingTaiwanCNS          =0x4e20     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingTaiwanEten         =0x4e22     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingTaiwanIBM5550      =0x4e23     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingTaiwanTCA          =0x4e21     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingTaiwanTeleText     =0x4e24     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingTaiwanWang         =0x4e25     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingThai               =0x36a      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingTraditionalChineseAutoDetect=0xc706     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingTraditionalChineseBig5=0x3b6      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingTurkish            =0x4e6      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingUSASCII            =0x4e9f     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingUTF7               =0xfde8     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingUTF8               =0xfde9     # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingUnicodeBigEndian   =0x4b1      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingUnicodeLittleEndian=0x4b0      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingVietnamese         =0x4ea      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoEncodingWestern            =0x4e4      # from enum MsoEncoding
ms$msoMethodGet                  =0x0        # from enum MsoExtraInfoMethod
ms$msoMethodPost                 =0x1        # from enum MsoExtraInfoMethod
ms$msoExtrusionColorAutomatic    =0x1        # from enum MsoExtrusionColorType
ms$msoExtrusionColorCustom       =0x2        # from enum MsoExtrusionColorType
ms$msoExtrusionColorTypeMixed    =-2         # from enum MsoExtrusionColorType
ms$MsoFarEastLineBreakLanguageJapanese=0x411      # from enum MsoFarEastLineBreakLanguageID
ms$MsoFarEastLineBreakLanguageKorean=0x412      # from enum MsoFarEastLineBreakLanguageID
ms$MsoFarEastLineBreakLanguageSimplifiedChinese=0x804      # from enum MsoFarEastLineBreakLanguageID
ms$MsoFarEastLineBreakLanguageTraditionalChinese=0x404      # from enum MsoFarEastLineBreakLanguageID
ms$msoFeatureInstallNone         =0x0        # from enum MsoFeatureInstall
ms$msoFeatureInstallOnDemand     =0x1        # from enum MsoFeatureInstall
ms$msoFeatureInstallOnDemandWithUI=0x2        # from enum MsoFeatureInstall
ms$msoFileDialogFilePicker       =0x3        # from enum MsoFileDialogType
ms$msoFileDialogFolderPicker     =0x4        # from enum MsoFileDialogType
ms$msoFileDialogOpen             =0x1        # from enum MsoFileDialogType
ms$msoFileDialogSaveAs           =0x2        # from enum MsoFileDialogType
ms$msoFileDialogViewDetails      =0x2        # from enum MsoFileDialogView
ms$msoFileDialogViewLargeIcons   =0x6        # from enum MsoFileDialogView
ms$msoFileDialogViewList         =0x1        # from enum MsoFileDialogView
ms$msoFileDialogViewPreview      =0x4        # from enum MsoFileDialogView
ms$msoFileDialogViewProperties   =0x3        # from enum MsoFileDialogView
ms$msoFileDialogViewSmallIcons   =0x7        # from enum MsoFileDialogView
ms$msoFileDialogViewThumbnail    =0x5        # from enum MsoFileDialogView
ms$msoFileDialogViewTiles        =0x9        # from enum MsoFileDialogView
ms$msoFileDialogViewWebView      =0x8        # from enum MsoFileDialogView
ms$msoListbyName                 =0x1        # from enum MsoFileFindListBy
ms$msoListbyTitle                =0x2        # from enum MsoFileFindListBy
ms$msoOptionsAdd                 =0x2        # from enum MsoFileFindOptions
ms$msoOptionsNew                 =0x1        # from enum MsoFileFindOptions
ms$msoOptionsWithin              =0x3        # from enum MsoFileFindOptions
ms$msoFileFindSortbyAuthor       =0x1        # from enum MsoFileFindSortBy
ms$msoFileFindSortbyDateCreated  =0x2        # from enum MsoFileFindSortBy
ms$msoFileFindSortbyDateSaved    =0x4        # from enum MsoFileFindSortBy
ms$msoFileFindSortbyFileName     =0x5        # from enum MsoFileFindSortBy
ms$msoFileFindSortbyLastSavedBy  =0x3        # from enum MsoFileFindSortBy
ms$msoFileFindSortbySize         =0x6        # from enum MsoFileFindSortBy
ms$msoFileFindSortbyTitle        =0x7        # from enum MsoFileFindSortBy
ms$msoViewFileInfo               =0x1        # from enum MsoFileFindView
ms$msoViewPreview                =0x2        # from enum MsoFileFindView
ms$msoViewSummaryInfo            =0x3        # from enum MsoFileFindView
ms$msoCreateNewFile              =0x1        # from enum MsoFileNewAction
ms$msoEditFile                   =0x0        # from enum MsoFileNewAction
ms$msoOpenFile                   =0x2        # from enum MsoFileNewAction
ms$msoBottomSection              =0x4        # from enum MsoFileNewSection
ms$msoNew                        =0x1        # from enum MsoFileNewSection
ms$msoNewfromExistingFile        =0x2        # from enum MsoFileNewSection
ms$msoNewfromTemplate            =0x3        # from enum MsoFileNewSection
ms$msoOpenDocument               =0x0        # from enum MsoFileNewSection
ms$msoFileTypeAllFiles           =0x1        # from enum MsoFileType
ms$msoFileTypeBinders            =0x6        # from enum MsoFileType
ms$msoFileTypeCalendarItem       =0xb        # from enum MsoFileType
ms$msoFileTypeContactItem        =0xc        # from enum MsoFileType
ms$msoFileTypeDataConnectionFiles=0x11       # from enum MsoFileType
ms$msoFileTypeDatabases          =0x7        # from enum MsoFileType
ms$msoFileTypeDesignerFiles      =0x16       # from enum MsoFileType
ms$msoFileTypeDocumentImagingFiles=0x14       # from enum MsoFileType
ms$msoFileTypeExcelWorkbooks     =0x4        # from enum MsoFileType
ms$msoFileTypeJournalItem        =0xe        # from enum MsoFileType
ms$msoFileTypeMailItem           =0xa        # from enum MsoFileType
ms$msoFileTypeNoteItem           =0xd        # from enum MsoFileType
ms$msoFileTypeOfficeFiles        =0x2        # from enum MsoFileType
ms$msoFileTypeOutlookItems       =0x9        # from enum MsoFileType
ms$msoFileTypePhotoDrawFiles     =0x10       # from enum MsoFileType
ms$msoFileTypePowerPointPresentations=0x5        # from enum MsoFileType
ms$msoFileTypeProjectFiles       =0x13       # from enum MsoFileType
ms$msoFileTypePublisherFiles     =0x12       # from enum MsoFileType
ms$msoFileTypeTaskItem           =0xf        # from enum MsoFileType
ms$msoFileTypeTemplates          =0x8        # from enum MsoFileType
ms$msoFileTypeVisioFiles         =0x15       # from enum MsoFileType
ms$msoFileTypeWebPages           =0x17       # from enum MsoFileType
ms$msoFileTypeWordDocuments      =0x3        # from enum MsoFileType
ms$msoFillBackground             =0x5        # from enum MsoFillType
ms$msoFillGradient               =0x3        # from enum MsoFillType
ms$msoFillMixed                  =-2         # from enum MsoFillType
ms$msoFillPatterned              =0x2        # from enum MsoFillType
ms$msoFillPicture                =0x6        # from enum MsoFillType
ms$msoFillSolid                  =0x1        # from enum MsoFillType
ms$msoFillTextured               =0x4        # from enum MsoFillType
ms$msoFilterComparisonContains   =0x8        # from enum MsoFilterComparison
ms$msoFilterComparisonEqual      =0x0        # from enum MsoFilterComparison
ms$msoFilterComparisonGreaterThan=0x3        # from enum MsoFilterComparison
ms$msoFilterComparisonGreaterThanEqual=0x5        # from enum MsoFilterComparison
ms$msoFilterComparisonIsBlank    =0x6        # from enum MsoFilterComparison
ms$msoFilterComparisonIsNotBlank =0x7        # from enum MsoFilterComparison
ms$msoFilterComparisonLessThan   =0x2        # from enum MsoFilterComparison
ms$msoFilterComparisonLessThanEqual=0x4        # from enum MsoFilterComparison
ms$msoFilterComparisonNotContains=0x9        # from enum MsoFilterComparison
ms$msoFilterComparisonNotEqual   =0x1        # from enum MsoFilterComparison
ms$msoFilterConjunctionAnd       =0x0        # from enum MsoFilterConjunction
ms$msoFilterConjunctionOr        =0x1        # from enum MsoFilterConjunction
ms$msoFlipHorizontal             =0x0        # from enum MsoFlipCmd
ms$msoFlipVertical               =0x1        # from enum MsoFlipCmd
ms$msoThemeComplexScript         =0x2        # from enum MsoFontLanguageIndex
ms$msoThemeEastAsian             =0x3        # from enum MsoFontLanguageIndex
ms$msoThemeLatin                 =0x1        # from enum MsoFontLanguageIndex
ms$msoGradientColorMixed         =-2         # from enum MsoGradientColorType
ms$msoGradientMultiColor         =0x4        # from enum MsoGradientColorType
ms$msoGradientOneColor           =0x1        # from enum MsoGradientColorType
ms$msoGradientPresetColors       =0x3        # from enum MsoGradientColorType
ms$msoGradientTwoColors          =0x2        # from enum MsoGradientColorType
ms$msoGradientDiagonalDown       =0x4        # from enum MsoGradientStyle
ms$msoGradientDiagonalUp         =0x3        # from enum MsoGradientStyle
ms$msoGradientFromCenter         =0x7        # from enum MsoGradientStyle
ms$msoGradientFromCorner         =0x5        # from enum MsoGradientStyle
ms$msoGradientFromTitle          =0x6        # from enum MsoGradientStyle
ms$msoGradientHorizontal         =0x1        # from enum MsoGradientStyle
ms$msoGradientMixed              =-2         # from enum MsoGradientStyle
ms$msoGradientVertical           =0x2        # from enum MsoGradientStyle
ms$msoHTMLProjectOpenSourceView  =0x1        # from enum MsoHTMLProjectOpen
ms$msoHTMLProjectOpenTextView    =0x2        # from enum MsoHTMLProjectOpen
ms$msoHTMLProjectStateDocumentLocked=0x1        # from enum MsoHTMLProjectState
ms$msoHTMLProjectStateDocumentProjectUnlocked=0x3        # from enum MsoHTMLProjectState
ms$msoHTMLProjectStateProjectLocked=0x2        # from enum MsoHTMLProjectState
ms$msoAnchorCenter               =0x2        # from enum MsoHorizontalAnchor
ms$msoAnchorNone                 =0x1        # from enum MsoHorizontalAnchor
ms$msoHorizontalAnchorMixed      =-2         # from enum MsoHorizontalAnchor
ms$msoHyperlinkInlineShape       =0x2        # from enum MsoHyperlinkType
ms$msoHyperlinkRange             =0x0        # from enum MsoHyperlinkType
ms$msoHyperlinkShape             =0x1        # from enum MsoHyperlinkType
ms$msoIconAlert                  =0x2        # from enum MsoIconType
ms$msoIconAlertCritical          =0x7        # from enum MsoIconType
ms$msoIconAlertInfo              =0x4        # from enum MsoIconType
ms$msoIconAlertQuery             =0x6        # from enum MsoIconType
ms$msoIconAlertWarning           =0x5        # from enum MsoIconType
ms$msoIconNone                   =0x0        # from enum MsoIconType
ms$msoIconTip                    =0x3        # from enum MsoIconType
ms$msoLanguageIDAfrikaans        =0x436      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDAlbanian         =0x41c      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDAmharic          =0x45e      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDArabic           =0x401      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDArabicAlgeria    =0x1401     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDArabicBahrain    =0x3c01     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDArabicEgypt      =0xc01      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDArabicIraq       =0x801      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDArabicJordan     =0x2c01     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDArabicKuwait     =0x3401     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDArabicLebanon    =0x3001     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDArabicLibya      =0x1001     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDArabicMorocco    =0x1801     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDArabicOman       =0x2001     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDArabicQatar      =0x4001     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDArabicSyria      =0x2801     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDArabicTunisia    =0x1c01     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDArabicUAE        =0x3801     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDArabicYemen      =0x2401     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDArmenian         =0x42b      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDAssamese         =0x44d      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDAzeriCyrillic    =0x82c      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDAzeriLatin       =0x42c      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDBasque           =0x42d      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDBelgianDutch     =0x813      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDBelgianFrench    =0x80c      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDBengali          =0x445      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDBosnian          =0x101a     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDBosnianBosniaHerzegovinaCyrillic=0x201a     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDBosnianBosniaHerzegovinaLatin=0x141a     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDBrazilianPortuguese=0x416      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDBulgarian        =0x402      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDBurmese          =0x455      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDByelorussian     =0x423      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDCatalan          =0x403      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDCherokee         =0x45c      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDChineseHongKongSAR=0xc04      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDChineseMacaoSAR  =0x1404     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDChineseSingapore =0x1004     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDCroatian         =0x41a      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDCzech            =0x405      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDDanish           =0x406      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDDivehi           =0x465      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDDutch            =0x413      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDDzongkhaBhutan   =0x851      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDEdo              =0x466      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDEnglishAUS       =0xc09      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDEnglishBelize    =0x2809     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDEnglishCanadian  =0x1009     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDEnglishCaribbean =0x2409     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDEnglishIndonesia =0x3809     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDEnglishIreland   =0x1809     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDEnglishJamaica   =0x2009     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDEnglishNewZealand=0x1409     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDEnglishPhilippines=0x3409     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDEnglishSouthAfrica=0x1c09     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDEnglishTrinidadTobago=0x2c09     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDEnglishUK        =0x809      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDEnglishUS        =0x409      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDEnglishZimbabwe  =0x3009     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDEstonian         =0x425      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDFaeroese         =0x438      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDFarsi            =0x429      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDFilipino         =0x464      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDFinnish          =0x40b      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDFrench           =0x40c      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDFrenchCameroon   =0x2c0c     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDFrenchCanadian   =0xc0c      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDFrenchCongoDRC   =0x240c     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDFrenchCotedIvoire=0x300c     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDFrenchHaiti      =0x3c0c     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDFrenchLuxembourg =0x140c     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDFrenchMali       =0x340c     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDFrenchMonaco     =0x180c     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDFrenchMorocco    =0x380c     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDFrenchReunion    =0x200c     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDFrenchSenegal    =0x280c     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDFrenchWestIndies =0x1c0c     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDFrenchZaire      =0x240c     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDFrisianNetherlands=0x462      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDFulfulde         =0x467      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDGaelicIreland    =0x83c      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDGaelicScotland   =0x43c      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDGalician         =0x456      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDGeorgian         =0x437      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDGerman           =0x407      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDGermanAustria    =0xc07      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDGermanLiechtenstein=0x1407     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDGermanLuxembourg =0x1007     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDGreek            =0x408      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDGuarani          =0x474      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDGujarati         =0x447      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDHausa            =0x468      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDHawaiian         =0x475      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDHebrew           =0x40d      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDHindi            =0x439      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDHungarian        =0x40e      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDIbibio           =0x469      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDIcelandic        =0x40f      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDIgbo             =0x470      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDIndonesian       =0x421      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDInuktitut        =0x45d      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDItalian          =0x410      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDJapanese         =0x411      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDKannada          =0x44b      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDKanuri           =0x471      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDKashmiri         =0x460      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDKashmiriDevanagari=0x860      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDKazakh           =0x43f      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDKhmer            =0x453      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDKirghiz          =0x440      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDKonkani          =0x457      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDKorean           =0x412      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDKyrgyz           =0x440      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDLao              =0x454      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDLatin            =0x476      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDLatvian          =0x426      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDLithuanian       =0x427      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDMacedonian       =0x42f      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDMacedonianFYROM  =0x42f      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDMalayBruneiDarussalam=0x83e      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDMalayalam        =0x44c      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDMalaysian        =0x43e      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDMaltese          =0x43a      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDManipuri         =0x458      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDMaori            =0x481      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDMarathi          =0x44e      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDMexicanSpanish   =0x80a      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDMixed            =-2         # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDMongolian        =0x450      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDNepali           =0x461      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDNoProofing       =0x400      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDNone             =0x0        # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDNorwegianBokmol  =0x414      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDNorwegianNynorsk =0x814      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDOriya            =0x448      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDOromo            =0x472      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDPashto           =0x463      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDPolish           =0x415      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDPortuguese       =0x816      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDPunjabi          =0x446      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDQuechuaBolivia   =0x46b      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDQuechuaEcuador   =0x86b      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDQuechuaPeru      =0xc6b      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDRhaetoRomanic    =0x417      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDRomanian         =0x418      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDRomanianMoldova  =0x818      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDRussian          =0x419      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDRussianMoldova   =0x819      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSamiLappish      =0x43b      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSanskrit         =0x44f      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSepedi           =0x46c      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSerbianBosniaHerzegovinaCyrillic=0x1c1a     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSerbianBosniaHerzegovinaLatin=0x181a     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSerbianCyrillic  =0xc1a      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSerbianLatin     =0x81a      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSesotho          =0x430      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSimplifiedChinese=0x804      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSindhi           =0x459      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSindhiPakistan   =0x859      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSinhalese        =0x45b      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSlovak           =0x41b      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSlovenian        =0x424      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSomali           =0x477      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSorbian          =0x42e      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSpanish          =0x40a      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSpanishArgentina =0x2c0a     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSpanishBolivia   =0x400a     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSpanishChile     =0x340a     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSpanishColombia  =0x240a     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSpanishCostaRica =0x140a     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSpanishDominicanRepublic=0x1c0a     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSpanishEcuador   =0x300a     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSpanishElSalvador=0x440a     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSpanishGuatemala =0x100a     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSpanishHonduras  =0x480a     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSpanishModernSort=0xc0a      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSpanishNicaragua =0x4c0a     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSpanishPanama    =0x180a     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSpanishParaguay  =0x3c0a     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSpanishPeru      =0x280a     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSpanishPuertoRico=0x500a     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSpanishUruguay   =0x380a     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSpanishVenezuela =0x200a     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSutu             =0x430      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSwahili          =0x441      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSwedish          =0x41d      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSwedishFinland   =0x81d      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSwissFrench      =0x100c     # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSwissGerman      =0x807      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSwissItalian     =0x810      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDSyriac           =0x45a      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDTajik            =0x428      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDTamazight        =0x45f      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDTamazightLatin   =0x85f      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDTamil            =0x449      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDTatar            =0x444      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDTelugu           =0x44a      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDThai             =0x41e      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDTibetan          =0x451      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDTigrignaEritrea  =0x873      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDTigrignaEthiopic =0x473      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDTraditionalChinese=0x404      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDTsonga           =0x431      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDTswana           =0x432      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDTurkish          =0x41f      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDTurkmen          =0x442      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDUkrainian        =0x422      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDUrdu             =0x420      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDUzbekCyrillic    =0x843      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDUzbekLatin       =0x443      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDVenda            =0x433      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDVietnamese       =0x42a      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDWelsh            =0x452      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDXhosa            =0x434      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDYi               =0x478      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDYiddish          =0x43d      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDYoruba           =0x46a      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDZulu             =0x435      # from enum MsoLanguageID
ms$msoLanguageIDChineseHongKong  =0xc04      # from enum MsoLanguageIDHidden
ms$msoLanguageIDChineseMacao     =0x1404     # from enum MsoLanguageIDHidden
ms$msoLanguageIDEnglishTrinidad  =0x2c09     # from enum MsoLanguageIDHidden
ms$msoLastModifiedAnyTime        =0x7        # from enum MsoLastModified
ms$msoLastModifiedLastMonth      =0x5        # from enum MsoLastModified
ms$msoLastModifiedLastWeek       =0x3        # from enum MsoLastModified
ms$msoLastModifiedThisMonth      =0x6        # from enum MsoLastModified
ms$msoLastModifiedThisWeek       =0x4        # from enum MsoLastModified
ms$msoLastModifiedToday          =0x2        # from enum MsoLastModified
ms$msoLastModifiedYesterday      =0x1        # from enum MsoLastModified
ms$msoLightRigBalanced           =0xe        # from enum MsoLightRigType
ms$msoLightRigBrightRoom         =0x1b       # from enum MsoLightRigType
ms$msoLightRigChilly             =0x16       # from enum MsoLightRigType
ms$msoLightRigContrasting        =0x12       # from enum MsoLightRigType
ms$msoLightRigFlat               =0x18       # from enum MsoLightRigType
ms$msoLightRigFlood              =0x11       # from enum MsoLightRigType
ms$msoLightRigFreezing           =0x17       # from enum MsoLightRigType
ms$msoLightRigGlow               =0x1a       # from enum MsoLightRigType
ms$msoLightRigHarsh              =0x10       # from enum MsoLightRigType
ms$msoLightRigLegacyFlat1        =0x1        # from enum MsoLightRigType
ms$msoLightRigLegacyFlat2        =0x2        # from enum MsoLightRigType
ms$msoLightRigLegacyFlat3        =0x3        # from enum MsoLightRigType
ms$msoLightRigLegacyFlat4        =0x4        # from enum MsoLightRigType
ms$msoLightRigLegacyHarsh1       =0x9        # from enum MsoLightRigType
ms$msoLightRigLegacyHarsh2       =0xa        # from enum MsoLightRigType
ms$msoLightRigLegacyHarsh3       =0xb        # from enum MsoLightRigType
ms$msoLightRigLegacyHarsh4       =0xc        # from enum MsoLightRigType
ms$msoLightRigLegacyNormal1      =0x5        # from enum MsoLightRigType
ms$msoLightRigLegacyNormal2      =0x6        # from enum MsoLightRigType
ms$msoLightRigLegacyNormal3      =0x7        # from enum MsoLightRigType
ms$msoLightRigLegacyNormal4      =0x8        # from enum MsoLightRigType
ms$msoLightRigMixed              =-2         # from enum MsoLightRigType
ms$msoLightRigMorning            =0x13       # from enum MsoLightRigType
ms$msoLightRigSoft               =0xf        # from enum MsoLightRigType
ms$msoLightRigSunrise            =0x14       # from enum MsoLightRigType
ms$msoLightRigSunset             =0x15       # from enum MsoLightRigType
ms$msoLightRigThreePoint         =0xd        # from enum MsoLightRigType
ms$msoLightRigTwoPoint           =0x19       # from enum MsoLightRigType
ms$msoLineDash                   =0x4        # from enum MsoLineDashStyle
ms$msoLineDashDot                =0x5        # from enum MsoLineDashStyle
ms$msoLineDashDotDot             =0x6        # from enum MsoLineDashStyle
ms$msoLineDashStyleMixed         =-2         # from enum MsoLineDashStyle
ms$msoLineLongDash               =0x7        # from enum MsoLineDashStyle
ms$msoLineLongDashDot            =0x8        # from enum MsoLineDashStyle
ms$msoLineLongDashDotDot         =0x9        # from enum MsoLineDashStyle
ms$msoLineRoundDot               =0x3        # from enum MsoLineDashStyle
ms$msoLineSolid                  =0x1        # from enum MsoLineDashStyle
ms$msoLineSquareDot              =0x2        # from enum MsoLineDashStyle
ms$msoLineSysDash                =0xa        # from enum MsoLineDashStyle
ms$msoLineSysDashDot             =0xc        # from enum MsoLineDashStyle
ms$msoLineSysDot                 =0xb        # from enum MsoLineDashStyle
ms$msoLineSingle                 =0x1        # from enum MsoLineStyle
ms$msoLineStyleMixed             =-2         # from enum MsoLineStyle
ms$msoLineThickBetweenThin       =0x5        # from enum MsoLineStyle
ms$msoLineThickThin              =0x4        # from enum MsoLineStyle
ms$msoLineThinThick              =0x3        # from enum MsoLineStyle
ms$msoLineThinThin               =0x2        # from enum MsoLineStyle
ms$msoMenuAnimationNone          =0x0        # from enum MsoMenuAnimation
ms$msoMenuAnimationRandom        =0x1        # from enum MsoMenuAnimation
ms$msoMenuAnimationSlide         =0x3        # from enum MsoMenuAnimation
ms$msoMenuAnimationUnfold        =0x2        # from enum MsoMenuAnimation
ms$msoMetaPropertyTypeBoolean    =0x1        # from enum MsoMetaPropertyType
ms$msoMetaPropertyTypeBusinessData=0x14       # from enum MsoMetaPropertyType
ms$msoMetaPropertyTypeCalculated =0x3        # from enum MsoMetaPropertyType
ms$msoMetaPropertyTypeChoice     =0x2        # from enum MsoMetaPropertyType
ms$msoMetaPropertyTypeComputed   =0x4        # from enum MsoMetaPropertyType
ms$msoMetaPropertyTypeCurrency   =0x5        # from enum MsoMetaPropertyType
ms$msoMetaPropertyTypeDateTime   =0x6        # from enum MsoMetaPropertyType
ms$msoMetaPropertyTypeFillInChoice=0x7        # from enum MsoMetaPropertyType
ms$msoMetaPropertyTypeGuid       =0x8        # from enum MsoMetaPropertyType
ms$msoMetaPropertyTypeInteger    =0x9        # from enum MsoMetaPropertyType
ms$msoMetaPropertyTypeLookup     =0xa        # from enum MsoMetaPropertyType
ms$msoMetaPropertyTypeMax        =0x15       # from enum MsoMetaPropertyType
ms$msoMetaPropertyTypeMultiChoice=0xc        # from enum MsoMetaPropertyType
ms$msoMetaPropertyTypeMultiChoiceFillIn=0xd        # from enum MsoMetaPropertyType
ms$msoMetaPropertyTypeMultiChoiceLookup=0xb        # from enum MsoMetaPropertyType
ms$msoMetaPropertyTypeNote       =0xe        # from enum MsoMetaPropertyType
ms$msoMetaPropertyTypeNumber     =0xf        # from enum MsoMetaPropertyType
ms$msoMetaPropertyTypeText       =0x10       # from enum MsoMetaPropertyType
ms$msoMetaPropertyTypeUnknown    =0x0        # from enum MsoMetaPropertyType
ms$msoMetaPropertyTypeUrl        =0x11       # from enum MsoMetaPropertyType
ms$msoMetaPropertyTypeUser       =0x12       # from enum MsoMetaPropertyType
ms$msoMetaPropertyTypeUserMulti  =0x13       # from enum MsoMetaPropertyType
ms$msoIntegerMixed               =0x8000     # from enum MsoMixedType
ms$msoSingleMixed                =-2147483648 # from enum MsoMixedType
ms$msoModeAutoDown               =0x1        # from enum MsoModeType
ms$msoModeModal                  =0x0        # from enum MsoModeType
ms$msoModeModeless               =0x2        # from enum MsoModeType
ms$msoMoveRowFirst               =-4         # from enum MsoMoveRow
ms$msoMoveRowNbr                 =-1         # from enum MsoMoveRow
ms$msoMoveRowNext                =-2         # from enum MsoMoveRow
ms$msoMoveRowPrev                =-3         # from enum MsoMoveRow
ms$msoBulletAlphaLCParenBoth     =0x8        # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletAlphaLCParenRight    =0x9        # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletAlphaLCPeriod        =0x0        # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletAlphaUCParenBoth     =0xa        # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletAlphaUCParenRight    =0xb        # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletAlphaUCPeriod        =0x1        # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletArabicAbjadDash      =0x18       # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletArabicAlphaDash      =0x17       # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletArabicDBPeriod       =0x1d       # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletArabicDBPlain        =0x1c       # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletArabicParenBoth      =0xc        # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletArabicParenRight     =0x2        # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletArabicPeriod         =0x3        # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletArabicPlain          =0xd        # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletCircleNumDBPlain     =0x12       # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletCircleNumWDBlackPlain=0x14       # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletCircleNumWDWhitePlain=0x13       # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletHebrewAlphaDash      =0x19       # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletHindiAlpha1Period    =0x28       # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletHindiAlphaPeriod     =0x24       # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletHindiNumParenRight   =0x27       # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletHindiNumPeriod       =0x25       # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletKanjiKoreanPeriod    =0x1b       # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletKanjiKoreanPlain     =0x1a       # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletKanjiSimpChinDBPeriod=0x26       # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletRomanLCParenBoth     =0x4        # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletRomanLCParenRight    =0x5        # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletRomanLCPeriod        =0x6        # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletRomanUCParenBoth     =0xe        # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletRomanUCParenRight    =0xf        # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletRomanUCPeriod        =0x7        # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletSimpChinPeriod       =0x11       # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletSimpChinPlain        =0x10       # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletStyleMixed           =-2         # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletThaiAlphaParenBoth   =0x20       # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletThaiAlphaParenRight  =0x1f       # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletThaiAlphaPeriod      =0x1e       # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletThaiNumParenBoth     =0x23       # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletThaiNumParenRight    =0x22       # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletThaiNumPeriod        =0x21       # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletTradChinPeriod       =0x16       # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoBulletTradChinPlain        =0x15       # from enum MsoNumberedBulletStyle
ms$msoOLEMenuGroupContainer      =0x2        # from enum MsoOLEMenuGroup
ms$msoOLEMenuGroupEdit           =0x1        # from enum MsoOLEMenuGroup
ms$msoOLEMenuGroupFile           =0x0        # from enum MsoOLEMenuGroup
ms$msoOLEMenuGroupHelp           =0x5        # from enum MsoOLEMenuGroup
ms$msoOLEMenuGroupNone           =-1         # from enum MsoOLEMenuGroup
ms$msoOLEMenuGroupObject         =0x3        # from enum MsoOLEMenuGroup
ms$msoOLEMenuGroupWindow         =0x4        # from enum MsoOLEMenuGroup
ms$msoOrgChartLayoutBothHanging  =0x2        # from enum MsoOrgChartLayoutType
ms$msoOrgChartLayoutLeftHanging  =0x3        # from enum MsoOrgChartLayoutType
ms$msoOrgChartLayoutMixed        =-2         # from enum MsoOrgChartLayoutType
ms$msoOrgChartLayoutRightHanging =0x4        # from enum MsoOrgChartLayoutType
ms$msoOrgChartLayoutStandard     =0x1        # from enum MsoOrgChartLayoutType
ms$msoOrgChartOrientationMixed   =-2         # from enum MsoOrgChartOrientation
ms$msoOrgChartOrientationVertical=0x1        # from enum MsoOrgChartOrientation
ms$msoOrientationHorizontal      =0x1        # from enum MsoOrientation
ms$msoOrientationMixed           =-2         # from enum MsoOrientation
ms$msoOrientationVertical        =0x2        # from enum MsoOrientation
ms$msoAlignCenter                =0x2        # from enum MsoParagraphAlignment
ms$msoAlignDistribute            =0x5        # from enum MsoParagraphAlignment
ms$msoAlignJustify               =0x4        # from enum MsoParagraphAlignment
ms$msoAlignJustifyLow            =0x7        # from enum MsoParagraphAlignment
ms$msoAlignLeft                  =0x1        # from enum MsoParagraphAlignment
ms$msoAlignMixed                 =-2         # from enum MsoParagraphAlignment
ms$msoAlignRight                 =0x3        # from enum MsoParagraphAlignment
ms$msoAlignThaiDistribute        =0x6        # from enum MsoParagraphAlignment
ms$msoPathType1                  =0x1        # from enum MsoPathFormat
ms$msoPathType2                  =0x2        # from enum MsoPathFormat
ms$msoPathType3                  =0x3        # from enum MsoPathFormat
ms$msoPathType4                  =0x4        # from enum MsoPathFormat
ms$msoPathTypeMixed              =-2         # from enum MsoPathFormat
ms$msoPathTypeNone               =0x0        # from enum MsoPathFormat
ms$msoPattern10Percent           =0x2        # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPattern20Percent           =0x3        # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPattern25Percent           =0x4        # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPattern30Percent           =0x5        # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPattern40Percent           =0x6        # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPattern50Percent           =0x7        # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPattern5Percent            =0x1        # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPattern60Percent           =0x8        # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPattern70Percent           =0x9        # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPattern75Percent           =0xa        # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPattern80Percent           =0xb        # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPattern90Percent           =0xc        # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternCross               =0x33       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternDarkDownwardDiagonal=0xf        # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternDarkHorizontal      =0xd        # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternDarkUpwardDiagonal  =0x10       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternDarkVertical        =0xe        # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternDashedDownwardDiagonal=0x1c       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternDashedHorizontal    =0x20       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternDashedUpwardDiagonal=0x1b       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternDashedVertical      =0x1f       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternDiagonalBrick       =0x28       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternDiagonalCross       =0x36       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternDivot               =0x2e       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternDottedDiamond       =0x18       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternDottedGrid          =0x2d       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternDownwardDiagonal    =0x34       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternHorizontal          =0x31       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternHorizontalBrick     =0x23       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternLargeCheckerBoard   =0x24       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternLargeConfetti       =0x21       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternLargeGrid           =0x22       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternLightDownwardDiagonal=0x15       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternLightHorizontal     =0x13       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternLightUpwardDiagonal =0x16       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternLightVertical       =0x14       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternMixed               =-2         # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternNarrowHorizontal    =0x1e       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternNarrowVertical      =0x1d       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternOutlinedDiamond     =0x29       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternPlaid               =0x2a       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternShingle             =0x2f       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternSmallCheckerBoard   =0x11       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternSmallConfetti       =0x25       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternSmallGrid           =0x17       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternSolidDiamond        =0x27       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternSphere              =0x2b       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternTrellis             =0x12       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternUpwardDiagonal      =0x35       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternVertical            =0x32       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternWave                =0x30       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternWeave               =0x2c       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternWideDownwardDiagonal=0x19       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternWideUpwardDiagonal  =0x1a       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPatternZigZag              =0x26       # from enum MsoPatternType
ms$msoPermissionAllCommon        =0x7f       # from enum MsoPermission
ms$msoPermissionChange           =0xf        # from enum MsoPermission
ms$msoPermissionEdit             =0x2        # from enum MsoPermission
ms$msoPermissionExtract          =0x8        # from enum MsoPermission
ms$msoPermissionFullControl      =0x40       # from enum MsoPermission
ms$msoPermissionObjModel         =0x20       # from enum MsoPermission
ms$msoPermissionPrint            =0x10       # from enum MsoPermission
ms$msoPermissionRead             =0x1        # from enum MsoPermission
ms$msoPermissionSave             =0x4        # from enum MsoPermission
ms$msoPermissionView             =0x1        # from enum MsoPermission
ms$msoPictureAutomatic           =0x1        # from enum MsoPictureColorType
ms$msoPictureBlackAndWhite       =0x3        # from enum MsoPictureColorType
ms$msoPictureGrayscale           =0x2        # from enum MsoPictureColorType
ms$msoPictureMixed               =-2         # from enum MsoPictureColorType
ms$msoPictureWatermark           =0x4        # from enum MsoPictureColorType
ms$msoCameraIsometricBottomDown  =0x17       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraIsometricBottomUp    =0x16       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraIsometricLeftDown    =0x19       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraIsometricLeftUp      =0x18       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraIsometricOffAxis1Left=0x1c       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraIsometricOffAxis1Right=0x1d       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraIsometricOffAxis1Top =0x1e       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraIsometricOffAxis2Left=0x1f       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraIsometricOffAxis2Right=0x20       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraIsometricOffAxis2Top =0x21       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraIsometricOffAxis3Bottom=0x24       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraIsometricOffAxis3Left=0x22       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraIsometricOffAxis3Right=0x23       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraIsometricOffAxis4Bottom=0x27       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraIsometricOffAxis4Left=0x25       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraIsometricOffAxis4Right=0x26       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraIsometricRightDown   =0x1b       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraIsometricRightUp     =0x1a       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraIsometricTopDown     =0x15       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraIsometricTopUp       =0x14       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraLegacyObliqueBottom  =0x8        # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraLegacyObliqueBottomLeft=0x7        # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraLegacyObliqueBottomRight=0x9        # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraLegacyObliqueFront   =0x5        # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraLegacyObliqueLeft    =0x4        # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraLegacyObliqueRight   =0x6        # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraLegacyObliqueTop     =0x2        # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraLegacyObliqueTopLeft =0x1        # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraLegacyObliqueTopRight=0x3        # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraLegacyPerspectiveBottom=0x11       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraLegacyPerspectiveBottomLeft=0x10       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraLegacyPerspectiveBottomRight=0x12       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraLegacyPerspectiveFront=0xe        # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraLegacyPerspectiveLeft=0xd        # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraLegacyPerspectiveRight=0xf        # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraLegacyPerspectiveTop =0xb        # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraLegacyPerspectiveTopLeft=0xa        # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraLegacyPerspectiveTopRight=0xc        # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraObliqueBottom        =0x2e       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraObliqueBottomLeft    =0x2d       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraObliqueBottomRight   =0x2f       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraObliqueLeft          =0x2b       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraObliqueRight         =0x2c       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraObliqueTop           =0x29       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraObliqueTopLeft       =0x28       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraObliqueTopRight      =0x2a       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraOrthographicFront    =0x13       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraPerspectiveAbove     =0x33       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraPerspectiveAboveLeftFacing=0x35       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraPerspectiveAboveRightFacing=0x36       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraPerspectiveBelow     =0x34       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraPerspectiveContrastingLeftFacing=0x37       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraPerspectiveContrastingRightFacing=0x38       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraPerspectiveFront     =0x30       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraPerspectiveHeroicExtremeLeftFacing=0x3b       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraPerspectiveHeroicExtremeRightFacing=0x3c       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraPerspectiveHeroicLeftFacing=0x39       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraPerspectiveHeroicRightFacing=0x3a       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraPerspectiveLeft      =0x31       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraPerspectiveRelaxed   =0x3d       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraPerspectiveRelaxedModerately=0x3e       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoCameraPerspectiveRight     =0x32       # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoPresetCameraMixed          =-2         # from enum MsoPresetCamera
ms$msoExtrusionBottom            =0x2        # from enum MsoPresetExtrusionDirection
ms$msoExtrusionBottomLeft        =0x3        # from enum MsoPresetExtrusionDirection
ms$msoExtrusionBottomRight       =0x1        # from enum MsoPresetExtrusionDirection
ms$msoExtrusionLeft              =0x6        # from enum MsoPresetExtrusionDirection
ms$msoExtrusionNone              =0x5        # from enum MsoPresetExtrusionDirection
ms$msoExtrusionRight             =0x4        # from enum MsoPresetExtrusionDirection
ms$msoExtrusionTop               =0x8        # from enum MsoPresetExtrusionDirection
ms$msoExtrusionTopLeft           =0x9        # from enum MsoPresetExtrusionDirection
ms$msoExtrusionTopRight          =0x7        # from enum MsoPresetExtrusionDirection
ms$msoPresetExtrusionDirectionMixed=-2         # from enum MsoPresetExtrusionDirection
ms$msoGradientBrass              =0x14       # from enum MsoPresetGradientType
ms$msoGradientCalmWater          =0x8        # from enum MsoPresetGradientType
ms$msoGradientChrome             =0x15       # from enum MsoPresetGradientType
ms$msoGradientChromeII           =0x16       # from enum MsoPresetGradientType
ms$msoGradientDaybreak           =0x4        # from enum MsoPresetGradientType
ms$msoGradientDesert             =0x6        # from enum MsoPresetGradientType
ms$msoGradientEarlySunset        =0x1        # from enum MsoPresetGradientType
ms$msoGradientFire               =0x9        # from enum MsoPresetGradientType
ms$msoGradientFog                =0xa        # from enum MsoPresetGradientType
ms$msoGradientGold               =0x12       # from enum MsoPresetGradientType
ms$msoGradientGoldII             =0x13       # from enum MsoPresetGradientType
ms$msoGradientHorizon            =0x5        # from enum MsoPresetGradientType
ms$msoGradientLateSunset         =0x2        # from enum MsoPresetGradientType
ms$msoGradientMahogany           =0xf        # from enum MsoPresetGradientType
ms$msoGradientMoss               =0xb        # from enum MsoPresetGradientType
ms$msoGradientNightfall          =0x3        # from enum MsoPresetGradientType
ms$msoGradientOcean              =0x7        # from enum MsoPresetGradientType
ms$msoGradientParchment          =0xe        # from enum MsoPresetGradientType
ms$msoGradientPeacock            =0xc        # from enum MsoPresetGradientType
ms$msoGradientRainbow            =0x10       # from enum MsoPresetGradientType
ms$msoGradientRainbowII          =0x11       # from enum MsoPresetGradientType
ms$msoGradientSapphire           =0x18       # from enum MsoPresetGradientType
ms$msoGradientSilver             =0x17       # from enum MsoPresetGradientType
ms$msoGradientWheat              =0xd        # from enum MsoPresetGradientType
ms$msoPresetGradientMixed        =-2         # from enum MsoPresetGradientType
ms$msoLightingBottom             =0x8        # from enum MsoPresetLightingDirection
ms$msoLightingBottomLeft         =0x7        # from enum MsoPresetLightingDirection
ms$msoLightingBottomRight        =0x9        # from enum MsoPresetLightingDirection
ms$msoLightingLeft               =0x4        # from enum MsoPresetLightingDirection
ms$msoLightingNone               =0x5        # from enum MsoPresetLightingDirection
ms$msoLightingRight              =0x6        # from enum MsoPresetLightingDirection
ms$msoLightingTop                =0x2        # from enum MsoPresetLightingDirection
ms$msoLightingTopLeft            =0x1        # from enum MsoPresetLightingDirection
ms$msoLightingTopRight           =0x3        # from enum MsoPresetLightingDirection
ms$msoPresetLightingDirectionMixed=-2         # from enum MsoPresetLightingDirection
ms$msoLightingBright             =0x3        # from enum MsoPresetLightingSoftness
ms$msoLightingDim                =0x1        # from enum MsoPresetLightingSoftness
ms$msoLightingNormal             =0x2        # from enum MsoPresetLightingSoftness
ms$msoPresetLightingSoftnessMixed=-2         # from enum MsoPresetLightingSoftness
ms$msoMaterialClear              =0xd        # from enum MsoPresetMaterial
ms$msoMaterialDarkEdge           =0xb        # from enum MsoPresetMaterial
ms$msoMaterialFlat               =0xe        # from enum MsoPresetMaterial
ms$msoMaterialMatte              =0x1        # from enum MsoPresetMaterial
ms$msoMaterialMatte2             =0x5        # from enum MsoPresetMaterial
ms$msoMaterialMetal              =0x3        # from enum MsoPresetMaterial
ms$msoMaterialMetal2             =0x7        # from enum MsoPresetMaterial
ms$msoMaterialPlastic            =0x2        # from enum MsoPresetMaterial
ms$msoMaterialPlastic2           =0x6        # from enum MsoPresetMaterial
ms$msoMaterialPowder             =0xa        # from enum MsoPresetMaterial
ms$msoMaterialSoftEdge           =0xc        # from enum MsoPresetMaterial
ms$msoMaterialSoftMetal          =0xf        # from enum MsoPresetMaterial
ms$msoMaterialTranslucentPowder  =0x9        # from enum MsoPresetMaterial
ms$msoMaterialWarmMatte          =0x8        # from enum MsoPresetMaterial
ms$msoMaterialWireFrame          =0x4        # from enum MsoPresetMaterial
ms$msoPresetMaterialMixed        =-2         # from enum MsoPresetMaterial
ms$msoTextEffect1                =0x0        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffect10               =0x9        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffect11               =0xa        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffect12               =0xb        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffect13               =0xc        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffect14               =0xd        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffect15               =0xe        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffect16               =0xf        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffect17               =0x10       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffect18               =0x11       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffect19               =0x12       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffect2                =0x1        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffect20               =0x13       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffect21               =0x14       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffect22               =0x15       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffect23               =0x16       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffect24               =0x17       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffect25               =0x18       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffect26               =0x19       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffect27               =0x1a       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffect28               =0x1b       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffect29               =0x1c       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffect3                =0x2        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffect30               =0x1d       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffect4                =0x3        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffect5                =0x4        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffect6                =0x5        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffect7                =0x6        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffect8                =0x7        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffect9                =0x8        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffectMixed            =-2         # from enum MsoPresetTextEffect
ms$msoTextEffectShapeArchDownCurve=0xa        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeArchDownPour=0xe        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeArchUpCurve =0x9        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeArchUpPour  =0xd        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeButtonCurve =0xc        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeButtonPour  =0x10       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeCanDown     =0x14       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeCanUp       =0x13       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeCascadeDown =0x28       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeCascadeUp   =0x27       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeChevronDown =0x6        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeChevronUp   =0x5        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeCircleCurve =0xb        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeCirclePour  =0xf        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeCurveDown   =0x12       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeCurveUp     =0x11       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeDeflate     =0x1a       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeDeflateBottom=0x1c       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeDeflateInflate=0x1f       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeDeflateInflateDeflate=0x20       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeDeflateTop  =0x1e       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeDoubleWave1 =0x17       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeDoubleWave2 =0x18       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeFadeDown    =0x24       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeFadeLeft    =0x22       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeFadeRight   =0x21       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeFadeUp      =0x23       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeInflate     =0x19       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeInflateBottom=0x1b       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeInflateTop  =0x1d       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeMixed       =-2         # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapePlainText   =0x1        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeRingInside  =0x7        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeRingOutside =0x8        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeSlantDown   =0x26       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeSlantUp     =0x25       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeStop        =0x2        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeTriangleDown=0x4        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeTriangleUp  =0x3        # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeWave1       =0x15       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoTextEffectShapeWave2       =0x16       # from enum MsoPresetTextEffectShape
ms$msoPresetTextureMixed         =-2         # from enum MsoPresetTexture
ms$msoTextureBlueTissuePaper     =0x11       # from enum MsoPresetTexture
ms$msoTextureBouquet             =0x14       # from enum MsoPresetTexture
ms$msoTextureBrownMarble         =0xb        # from enum MsoPresetTexture
ms$msoTextureCanvas              =0x2        # from enum MsoPresetTexture
ms$msoTextureCork                =0x15       # from enum MsoPresetTexture
ms$msoTextureDenim               =0x3        # from enum MsoPresetTexture
ms$msoTextureFishFossil          =0x7        # from enum MsoPresetTexture
ms$msoTextureGranite             =0xc        # from enum MsoPresetTexture
ms$msoTextureGreenMarble         =0x9        # from enum MsoPresetTexture
ms$msoTextureMediumWood          =0x18       # from enum MsoPresetTexture
ms$msoTextureNewsprint           =0xd        # from enum MsoPresetTexture
ms$msoTextureOak                 =0x17       # from enum MsoPresetTexture
ms$msoTexturePaperBag            =0x6        # from enum MsoPresetTexture
ms$msoTexturePapyrus             =0x1        # from enum MsoPresetTexture
ms$msoTextureParchment           =0xf        # from enum MsoPresetTexture
ms$msoTexturePinkTissuePaper     =0x12       # from enum MsoPresetTexture
ms$msoTexturePurpleMesh          =0x13       # from enum MsoPresetTexture
ms$msoTextureRecycledPaper       =0xe        # from enum MsoPresetTexture
ms$msoTextureSand                =0x8        # from enum MsoPresetTexture
ms$msoTextureStationery          =0x10       # from enum MsoPresetTexture
ms$msoTextureWalnut              =0x16       # from enum MsoPresetTexture
ms$msoTextureWaterDroplets       =0x5        # from enum MsoPresetTexture
ms$msoTextureWhiteMarble         =0xa        # from enum MsoPresetTexture
ms$msoTextureWovenMat            =0x4        # from enum MsoPresetTexture
ms$msoPresetThreeDFormatMixed    =-2         # from enum MsoPresetThreeDFormat
ms$msoThreeD1                    =0x1        # from enum MsoPresetThreeDFormat
ms$msoThreeD10                   =0xa        # from enum MsoPresetThreeDFormat
ms$msoThreeD11                   =0xb        # from enum MsoPresetThreeDFormat
ms$msoThreeD12                   =0xc        # from enum MsoPresetThreeDFormat
ms$msoThreeD13                   =0xd        # from enum MsoPresetThreeDFormat
ms$msoThreeD14                   =0xe        # from enum MsoPresetThreeDFormat
ms$msoThreeD15                   =0xf        # from enum MsoPresetThreeDFormat
ms$msoThreeD16                   =0x10       # from enum MsoPresetThreeDFormat
ms$msoThreeD17                   =0x11       # from enum MsoPresetThreeDFormat
ms$msoThreeD18                   =0x12       # from enum MsoPresetThreeDFormat
ms$msoThreeD19                   =0x13       # from enum MsoPresetThreeDFormat
ms$msoThreeD2                    =0x2        # from enum MsoPresetThreeDFormat
ms$msoThreeD20                   =0x14       # from enum MsoPresetThreeDFormat
ms$msoThreeD3                    =0x3        # from enum MsoPresetThreeDFormat
ms$msoThreeD4                    =0x4        # from enum MsoPresetThreeDFormat
ms$msoThreeD5                    =0x5        # from enum MsoPresetThreeDFormat
ms$msoThreeD6                    =0x6        # from enum MsoPresetThreeDFormat
ms$msoThreeD7                    =0x7        # from enum MsoPresetThreeDFormat
ms$msoThreeD8                    =0x8        # from enum MsoPresetThreeDFormat
ms$msoThreeD9                    =0x9        # from enum MsoPresetThreeDFormat
ms$msoReflectionType1            =0x1        # from enum MsoReflectionType
ms$msoReflectionType2            =0x2        # from enum MsoReflectionType
ms$msoReflectionType3            =0x3        # from enum MsoReflectionType
ms$msoReflectionType4            =0x4        # from enum MsoReflectionType
ms$msoReflectionType5            =0x5        # from enum MsoReflectionType
ms$msoReflectionType6            =0x6        # from enum MsoReflectionType
ms$msoReflectionType7            =0x7        # from enum MsoReflectionType
ms$msoReflectionType8            =0x8        # from enum MsoReflectionType
ms$msoReflectionType9            =0x9        # from enum MsoReflectionType
ms$msoReflectionTypeMixed        =-2         # from enum MsoReflectionType
ms$msoReflectionTypeNone         =0x0        # from enum MsoReflectionType
ms$msoAfterLastSibling           =0x4        # from enum MsoRelativeNodePosition
ms$msoAfterNode                  =0x2        # from enum MsoRelativeNodePosition
ms$msoBeforeFirstSibling         =0x3        # from enum MsoRelativeNodePosition
ms$msoBeforeNode                 =0x1        # from enum MsoRelativeNodePosition
ms$msoScaleFromBottomRight       =0x2        # from enum MsoScaleFrom
ms$msoScaleFromMiddle            =0x1        # from enum MsoScaleFrom
ms$msoScaleFromTopLeft           =0x0        # from enum MsoScaleFrom
ms$msoScreenSize1024x768         =0x4        # from enum MsoScreenSize
ms$msoScreenSize1152x882         =0x5        # from enum MsoScreenSize
ms$msoScreenSize1152x900         =0x6        # from enum MsoScreenSize
ms$msoScreenSize1280x1024        =0x7        # from enum MsoScreenSize
ms$msoScreenSize1600x1200        =0x8        # from enum MsoScreenSize
ms$msoScreenSize1800x1440        =0x9        # from enum MsoScreenSize
ms$msoScreenSize1920x1200        =0xa        # from enum MsoScreenSize
ms$msoScreenSize544x376          =0x0        # from enum MsoScreenSize
ms$msoScreenSize640x480          =0x1        # from enum MsoScreenSize
ms$msoScreenSize720x512          =0x2        # from enum MsoScreenSize
ms$msoScreenSize800x600          =0x3        # from enum MsoScreenSize
ms$msoScriptLanguageASP          =0x3        # from enum MsoScriptLanguage
ms$msoScriptLanguageJava         =0x1        # from enum MsoScriptLanguage
ms$msoScriptLanguageOther        =0x4        # from enum MsoScriptLanguage
ms$msoScriptLanguageVisualBasic  =0x2        # from enum MsoScriptLanguage
ms$msoScriptLocationInBody       =0x2        # from enum MsoScriptLocation
ms$msoScriptLocationInHead       =0x1        # from enum MsoScriptLocation
ms$msoSearchInCustom             =0x3        # from enum MsoSearchIn
ms$msoSearchInMyComputer         =0x0        # from enum MsoSearchIn
ms$msoSearchInMyNetworkPlaces    =0x2        # from enum MsoSearchIn
ms$msoSearchInOutlook            =0x1        # from enum MsoSearchIn
ms$msoSegmentCurve               =0x1        # from enum MsoSegmentType
ms$msoSegmentLine                =0x0        # from enum MsoSegmentType
ms$msoShadowStyleInnerShadow     =0x1        # from enum MsoShadowStyle
ms$msoShadowStyleMixed           =-2         # from enum MsoShadowStyle
ms$msoShadowStyleOuterShadow     =0x2        # from enum MsoShadowStyle
ms$msoShadow1                    =0x1        # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow10                   =0xa        # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow11                   =0xb        # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow12                   =0xc        # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow13                   =0xd        # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow14                   =0xe        # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow15                   =0xf        # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow16                   =0x10       # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow17                   =0x11       # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow18                   =0x12       # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow19                   =0x13       # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow2                    =0x2        # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow20                   =0x14       # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow21                   =0x15       # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow22                   =0x16       # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow23                   =0x17       # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow24                   =0x18       # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow25                   =0x19       # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow26                   =0x1a       # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow27                   =0x1b       # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow28                   =0x1c       # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow29                   =0x1d       # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow3                    =0x3        # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow30                   =0x1e       # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow31                   =0x1f       # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow32                   =0x20       # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow33                   =0x21       # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow34                   =0x22       # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow35                   =0x23       # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow36                   =0x24       # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow37                   =0x25       # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow38                   =0x26       # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow39                   =0x27       # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow4                    =0x4        # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow40                   =0x28       # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow41                   =0x29       # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow42                   =0x2a       # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow43                   =0x2b       # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow5                    =0x5        # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow6                    =0x6        # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow7                    =0x7        # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow8                    =0x8        # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadow9                    =0x9        # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoShadowMixed                =-2         # from enum MsoShadowType
ms$msoLineStylePreset1           =0x2711     # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoLineStylePreset10          =0x271a     # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoLineStylePreset11          =0x271b     # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoLineStylePreset12          =0x271c     # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoLineStylePreset13          =0x271d     # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoLineStylePreset14          =0x271e     # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoLineStylePreset15          =0x271f     # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoLineStylePreset16          =0x2720     # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoLineStylePreset17          =0x2721     # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoLineStylePreset18          =0x2722     # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoLineStylePreset19          =0x2723     # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoLineStylePreset2           =0x2712     # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoLineStylePreset20          =0x2724     # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoLineStylePreset21          =0x2725     # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoLineStylePreset3           =0x2713     # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoLineStylePreset4           =0x2714     # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoLineStylePreset5           =0x2715     # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoLineStylePreset6           =0x2716     # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoLineStylePreset7           =0x2717     # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoLineStylePreset8           =0x2718     # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoLineStylePreset9           =0x2719     # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStyleMixed            =-2         # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStyleNotAPreset       =0x0        # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset1          =0x1        # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset10         =0xa        # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset11         =0xb        # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset12         =0xc        # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset13         =0xd        # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset14         =0xe        # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset15         =0xf        # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset16         =0x10       # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset17         =0x11       # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset18         =0x12       # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset19         =0x13       # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset2          =0x2        # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset20         =0x14       # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset21         =0x15       # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset22         =0x16       # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset23         =0x17       # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset24         =0x18       # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset25         =0x19       # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset26         =0x1a       # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset27         =0x1b       # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset28         =0x1c       # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset29         =0x1d       # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset3          =0x3        # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset30         =0x1e       # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset31         =0x1f       # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset32         =0x20       # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset33         =0x21       # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset34         =0x22       # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset35         =0x23       # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset36         =0x24       # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset37         =0x25       # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset38         =0x26       # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset39         =0x27       # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset4          =0x4        # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset40         =0x28       # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset41         =0x29       # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset42         =0x2a       # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset5          =0x5        # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset6          =0x6        # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset7          =0x7        # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset8          =0x8        # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoShapeStylePreset9          =0x9        # from enum MsoShapeStyleIndex
ms$msoAutoShape                  =0x1        # from enum MsoShapeType
ms$msoCallout                    =0x2        # from enum MsoShapeType
ms$msoCanvas                     =0x14       # from enum MsoShapeType
ms$msoChart                      =0x3        # from enum MsoShapeType
ms$msoComment                    =0x4        # from enum MsoShapeType
ms$msoDiagram                    =0x15       # from enum MsoShapeType
ms$msoEmbeddedOLEObject          =0x7        # from enum MsoShapeType
ms$msoFormControl                =0x8        # from enum MsoShapeType
ms$msoFreeform                   =0x5        # from enum MsoShapeType
ms$msoGroup                      =0x6        # from enum MsoShapeType
ms$msoInk                        =0x16       # from enum MsoShapeType
ms$msoInkComment                 =0x17       # from enum MsoShapeType
ms$msoLine                       =0x9        # from enum MsoShapeType
ms$msoLinkedOLEObject            =0xa        # from enum MsoShapeType
ms$msoLinkedPicture              =0xb        # from enum MsoShapeType
ms$msoMedia                      =0x10       # from enum MsoShapeType
ms$msoOLEControlObject           =0xc        # from enum MsoShapeType
ms$msoPicture                    =0xd        # from enum MsoShapeType
ms$msoPlaceholder                =0xe        # from enum MsoShapeType
ms$msoScriptAnchor               =0x12       # from enum MsoShapeType
ms$msoShapeTypeMixed             =-2         # from enum MsoShapeType
ms$msoSmartArt                   =0x18       # from enum MsoShapeType
ms$msoTable                      =0x13       # from enum MsoShapeType
ms$msoTextBox                    =0x11       # from enum MsoShapeType
ms$msoTextEffect                 =0xf        # from enum MsoShapeType
ms$msoSharedWorkspaceTaskPriorityHigh=0x1        # from enum MsoSharedWorkspaceTaskPriority
ms$msoSharedWorkspaceTaskPriorityLow=0x3        # from enum MsoSharedWorkspaceTaskPriority
ms$msoSharedWorkspaceTaskPriorityNormal=0x2        # from enum MsoSharedWorkspaceTaskPriority
ms$msoSharedWorkspaceTaskStatusCompleted=0x3        # from enum MsoSharedWorkspaceTaskStatus
ms$msoSharedWorkspaceTaskStatusDeferred=0x4        # from enum MsoSharedWorkspaceTaskStatus
ms$msoSharedWorkspaceTaskStatusInProgress=0x2        # from enum MsoSharedWorkspaceTaskStatus
ms$msoSharedWorkspaceTaskStatusNotStarted=0x1        # from enum MsoSharedWorkspaceTaskStatus
ms$msoSharedWorkspaceTaskStatusWaiting=0x5        # from enum MsoSharedWorkspaceTaskStatus
ms$msoSignatureSubsetAll         =0x5        # from enum MsoSignatureSubset
ms$msoSignatureSubsetSignatureLines=0x2        # from enum MsoSignatureSubset
ms$msoSignatureSubsetSignatureLinesSigned=0x3        # from enum MsoSignatureSubset
ms$msoSignatureSubsetSignatureLinesUnsigned=0x4        # from enum MsoSignatureSubset
ms$msoSignatureSubsetSignaturesAllSigs=0x0        # from enum MsoSignatureSubset
ms$msoSignatureSubsetSignaturesNonVisible=0x1        # from enum MsoSignatureSubset
ms$msoSoftEdgeType1              =0x1        # from enum MsoSoftEdgeType
ms$msoSoftEdgeType2              =0x2        # from enum MsoSoftEdgeType
ms$msoSoftEdgeType3              =0x3        # from enum MsoSoftEdgeType
ms$msoSoftEdgeType4              =0x4        # from enum MsoSoftEdgeType
ms$msoSoftEdgeType5              =0x5        # from enum MsoSoftEdgeType
ms$msoSoftEdgeType6              =0x6        # from enum MsoSoftEdgeType
ms$msoSoftEdgeTypeMixed          =-2         # from enum MsoSoftEdgeType
ms$msoSoftEdgeTypeNone           =0x0        # from enum MsoSoftEdgeType
ms$msoSortByFileName             =0x1        # from enum MsoSortBy
ms$msoSortByFileType             =0x3        # from enum MsoSortBy
ms$msoSortByLastModified         =0x4        # from enum MsoSortBy
ms$msoSortByNone                 =0x5        # from enum MsoSortBy
ms$msoSortBySize                 =0x2        # from enum MsoSortBy
ms$msoSortOrderAscending         =0x1        # from enum MsoSortOrder
ms$msoSortOrderDescending        =0x2        # from enum MsoSortOrder
ms$msoSyncAvailableAnywhere      =0x2        # from enum MsoSyncAvailableType
ms$msoSyncAvailableNone          =0x0        # from enum MsoSyncAvailableType
ms$msoSyncAvailableOffline       =0x1        # from enum MsoSyncAvailableType
ms$msoSyncCompareAndMerge        =0x0        # from enum MsoSyncCompareType
ms$msoSyncCompareSideBySide      =0x1        # from enum MsoSyncCompareType
ms$msoSyncConflictClientWins     =0x0        # from enum MsoSyncConflictResolutionType
ms$msoSyncConflictMerge          =0x2        # from enum MsoSyncConflictResolutionType
ms$msoSyncConflictServerWins     =0x1        # from enum MsoSyncConflictResolutionType
ms$msoSyncErrorCouldNotCompare   =0xd        # from enum MsoSyncErrorType
ms$msoSyncErrorCouldNotConnect   =0x2        # from enum MsoSyncErrorType
ms$msoSyncErrorCouldNotOpen      =0xb        # from enum MsoSyncErrorType
ms$msoSyncErrorCouldNotResolve   =0xe        # from enum MsoSyncErrorType
ms$msoSyncErrorCouldNotUpdate    =0xc        # from enum MsoSyncErrorType
ms$msoSyncErrorFileInUse         =0x6        # from enum MsoSyncErrorType
ms$msoSyncErrorFileNotFound      =0x4        # from enum MsoSyncErrorType
ms$msoSyncErrorFileTooLarge      =0x5        # from enum MsoSyncErrorType
ms$msoSyncErrorNoNetwork         =0xf        # from enum MsoSyncErrorType
ms$msoSyncErrorNone              =0x0        # from enum MsoSyncErrorType
ms$msoSyncErrorOutOfSpace        =0x3        # from enum MsoSyncErrorType
ms$msoSyncErrorUnauthorizedUser  =0x1        # from enum MsoSyncErrorType
ms$msoSyncErrorUnknown           =0x10       # from enum MsoSyncErrorType
ms$msoSyncErrorUnknownDownload   =0xa        # from enum MsoSyncErrorType
ms$msoSyncErrorUnknownUpload     =0x9        # from enum MsoSyncErrorType
ms$msoSyncErrorVirusDownload     =0x8        # from enum MsoSyncErrorType
ms$msoSyncErrorVirusUpload       =0x7        # from enum MsoSyncErrorType
ms$msoSyncEventDownloadFailed    =0x2        # from enum MsoSyncEventType
ms$msoSyncEventDownloadInitiated =0x0        # from enum MsoSyncEventType
ms$msoSyncEventDownloadNoChange  =0x6        # from enum MsoSyncEventType
ms$msoSyncEventDownloadSucceeded =0x1        # from enum MsoSyncEventType
ms$msoSyncEventOffline           =0x7        # from enum MsoSyncEventType
ms$msoSyncEventUploadFailed      =0x5        # from enum MsoSyncEventType
ms$msoSyncEventUploadInitiated   =0x3        # from enum MsoSyncEventType
ms$msoSyncEventUploadSucceeded   =0x4        # from enum MsoSyncEventType
ms$msoSyncStatusConflict         =0x4        # from enum MsoSyncStatusType
ms$msoSyncStatusError            =0x6        # from enum MsoSyncStatusType
ms$msoSyncStatusLatest           =0x1        # from enum MsoSyncStatusType
ms$msoSyncStatusLocalChanges     =0x3        # from enum MsoSyncStatusType
ms$msoSyncStatusNewerAvailable   =0x2        # from enum MsoSyncStatusType
ms$msoSyncStatusNoSharedWorkspace=0x0        # from enum MsoSyncStatusType
ms$msoSyncStatusNotRoaming       =0x0        # from enum MsoSyncStatusType
ms$msoSyncStatusSuspended        =0x5        # from enum MsoSyncStatusType
ms$msoSyncVersionLastViewed      =0x0        # from enum MsoSyncVersionType
ms$msoSyncVersionServer          =0x1        # from enum MsoSyncVersionType
ms$msoTabStopCenter              =0x2        # from enum MsoTabStopType
ms$msoTabStopDecimal             =0x4        # from enum MsoTabStopType
ms$msoTabStopLeft                =0x1        # from enum MsoTabStopType
ms$msoTabStopMixed               =-2         # from enum MsoTabStopType
ms$msoTabStopRight               =0x3        # from enum MsoTabStopType
ms$msoTargetBrowserIE4           =0x2        # from enum MsoTargetBrowser
ms$msoTargetBrowserIE5           =0x3        # from enum MsoTargetBrowser
ms$msoTargetBrowserIE6           =0x4        # from enum MsoTargetBrowser
ms$msoTargetBrowserV3            =0x0        # from enum MsoTargetBrowser
ms$msoTargetBrowserV4            =0x1        # from enum MsoTargetBrowser
ms$msoAllCaps                    =0x2        # from enum MsoTextCaps
ms$msoCapsMixed                  =-2         # from enum MsoTextCaps
ms$msoNoCaps                     =0x0        # from enum MsoTextCaps
ms$msoSmallCaps                  =0x1        # from enum MsoTextCaps
ms$msoCaseLower                  =0x2        # from enum MsoTextChangeCase
ms$msoCaseSentence               =0x1        # from enum MsoTextChangeCase
ms$msoCaseTitle                  =0x4        # from enum MsoTextChangeCase
ms$msoCaseToggle                 =0x5        # from enum MsoTextChangeCase
ms$msoCaseUpper                  =0x3        # from enum MsoTextChangeCase
ms$msoCharWrapMixed              =-2         # from enum MsoTextCharWrap
ms$msoCustomCharWrap             =0x3        # from enum MsoTextCharWrap
ms$msoNoCharWrap                 =0x0        # from enum MsoTextCharWrap
ms$msoStandardCharWrap           =0x1        # from enum MsoTextCharWrap
ms$msoStrictCharWrap             =0x2        # from enum MsoTextCharWrap
ms$msoTextDirectionLeftToRight   =0x1        # from enum MsoTextDirection
ms$msoTextDirectionMixed         =-2         # from enum MsoTextDirection
ms$msoTextDirectionRightToLeft   =0x2        # from enum MsoTextDirection
ms$msoTextEffectAlignmentCentered=0x2        # from enum MsoTextEffectAlignment
ms$msoTextEffectAlignmentLeft    =0x1        # from enum MsoTextEffectAlignment
ms$msoTextEffectAlignmentLetterJustify=0x4        # from enum MsoTextEffectAlignment
ms$msoTextEffectAlignmentMixed   =-2         # from enum MsoTextEffectAlignment
ms$msoTextEffectAlignmentRight   =0x3        # from enum MsoTextEffectAlignment
ms$msoTextEffectAlignmentStretchJustify=0x6        # from enum MsoTextEffectAlignment
ms$msoTextEffectAlignmentWordJustify=0x5        # from enum MsoTextEffectAlignment
ms$msoFontAlignAuto              =0x0        # from enum MsoTextFontAlign
ms$msoFontAlignBaseline          =0x3        # from enum MsoTextFontAlign
ms$msoFontAlignBottom            =0x4        # from enum MsoTextFontAlign
ms$msoFontAlignCenter            =0x2        # from enum MsoTextFontAlign
ms$msoFontAlignMixed             =-2         # from enum MsoTextFontAlign
ms$msoFontAlignTop               =0x1        # from enum MsoTextFontAlign
ms$msoTextOrientationDownward    =0x3        # from enum MsoTextOrientation
ms$msoTextOrientationHorizontal  =0x1        # from enum MsoTextOrientation
ms$msoTextOrientationHorizontalRotatedFarEast=0x6        # from enum MsoTextOrientation
ms$msoTextOrientationMixed       =-2         # from enum MsoTextOrientation
ms$msoTextOrientationUpward      =0x2        # from enum MsoTextOrientation
ms$msoTextOrientationVertical    =0x5        # from enum MsoTextOrientation
ms$msoTextOrientationVerticalFarEast=0x4        # from enum MsoTextOrientation
ms$msoDoubleStrike               =0x2        # from enum MsoTextStrike
ms$msoNoStrike                   =0x0        # from enum MsoTextStrike
ms$msoSingleStrike               =0x1        # from enum MsoTextStrike
ms$msoStrikeMixed                =-2         # from enum MsoTextStrike
ms$msoTabAlignCenter             =0x1        # from enum MsoTextTabAlign
ms$msoTabAlignDecimal            =0x3        # from enum MsoTextTabAlign
ms$msoTabAlignLeft               =0x0        # from enum MsoTextTabAlign
ms$msoTabAlignMixed              =-2         # from enum MsoTextTabAlign
ms$msoTabAlignRight              =0x2        # from enum MsoTextTabAlign
ms$msoNoUnderline                =0x0        # from enum MsoTextUnderlineType
ms$msoUnderlineDashHeavyLine     =0x8        # from enum MsoTextUnderlineType
ms$msoUnderlineDashLine          =0x7        # from enum MsoTextUnderlineType
ms$msoUnderlineDashLongHeavyLine =0xa        # from enum MsoTextUnderlineType
ms$msoUnderlineDashLongLine      =0x9        # from enum MsoTextUnderlineType
ms$msoUnderlineDotDashHeavyLine  =0xc        # from enum MsoTextUnderlineType
ms$msoUnderlineDotDashLine       =0xb        # from enum MsoTextUnderlineType
ms$msoUnderlineDotDotDashHeavyLine=0xe        # from enum MsoTextUnderlineType
ms$msoUnderlineDotDotDashLine    =0xd        # from enum MsoTextUnderlineType
ms$msoUnderlineDottedHeavyLine   =0x6        # from enum MsoTextUnderlineType
ms$msoUnderlineDottedLine        =0x5        # from enum MsoTextUnderlineType
ms$msoUnderlineDoubleLine        =0x3        # from enum MsoTextUnderlineType
ms$msoUnderlineHeavyLine         =0x4        # from enum MsoTextUnderlineType
ms$msoUnderlineMixed             =-2         # from enum MsoTextUnderlineType
ms$msoUnderlineSingleLine        =0x2        # from enum MsoTextUnderlineType
ms$msoUnderlineWavyDoubleLine    =0x11       # from enum MsoTextUnderlineType
ms$msoUnderlineWavyHeavyLine     =0x10       # from enum MsoTextUnderlineType
ms$msoUnderlineWavyLine          =0xf        # from enum MsoTextUnderlineType
ms$msoUnderlineWords             =0x1        # from enum MsoTextUnderlineType
ms$msoTextureAlignmentMixed      =-2         # from enum MsoTextureAlignment
ms$msoTextureBottom              =0x7        # from enum MsoTextureAlignment
ms$msoTextureBottomLeft          =0x6        # from enum MsoTextureAlignment
ms$msoTextureBottomRight         =0x8        # from enum MsoTextureAlignment
ms$msoTextureCenter              =0x4        # from enum MsoTextureAlignment
ms$msoTextureLeft                =0x3        # from enum MsoTextureAlignment
ms$msoTextureRight               =0x5        # from enum MsoTextureAlignment
ms$msoTextureTop                 =0x1        # from enum MsoTextureAlignment
ms$msoTextureTopLeft             =0x0        # from enum MsoTextureAlignment
ms$msoTextureTopRight            =0x2        # from enum MsoTextureAlignment
ms$msoTexturePreset              =0x1        # from enum MsoTextureType
ms$msoTextureTypeMixed           =-2         # from enum MsoTextureType
ms$msoTextureUserDefined         =0x2        # from enum MsoTextureType
ms$msoNotThemeColor              =0x0        # from enum MsoThemeColorIndex
ms$msoThemeColorAccent1          =0x5        # from enum MsoThemeColorIndex
ms$msoThemeColorAccent2          =0x6        # from enum MsoThemeColorIndex
ms$msoThemeColorAccent3          =0x7        # from enum MsoThemeColorIndex
ms$msoThemeColorAccent4          =0x8        # from enum MsoThemeColorIndex
ms$msoThemeColorAccent5          =0x9        # from enum MsoThemeColorIndex
ms$msoThemeColorAccent6          =0xa        # from enum MsoThemeColorIndex
ms$msoThemeColorBackground1      =0xe        # from enum MsoThemeColorIndex
ms$msoThemeColorBackground2      =0x10       # from enum MsoThemeColorIndex
ms$msoThemeColorDark1            =0x1        # from enum MsoThemeColorIndex
ms$msoThemeColorDark2            =0x3        # from enum MsoThemeColorIndex
ms$msoThemeColorFollowedHyperlink=0xc        # from enum MsoThemeColorIndex
ms$msoThemeColorHyperlink        =0xb        # from enum MsoThemeColorIndex
ms$msoThemeColorLight1           =0x2        # from enum MsoThemeColorIndex
ms$msoThemeColorLight2           =0x4        # from enum MsoThemeColorIndex
ms$msoThemeColorMixed            =-2         # from enum MsoThemeColorIndex
ms$msoThemeColorText1            =0xd        # from enum MsoThemeColorIndex
ms$msoThemeColorText2            =0xf        # from enum MsoThemeColorIndex
ms$msoThemeAccent1               =0x5        # from enum MsoThemeColorSchemeIndex
ms$msoThemeAccent2               =0x6        # from enum MsoThemeColorSchemeIndex
ms$msoThemeAccent3               =0x7        # from enum MsoThemeColorSchemeIndex
ms$msoThemeAccent4               =0x8        # from enum MsoThemeColorSchemeIndex
ms$msoThemeAccent5               =0x9        # from enum MsoThemeColorSchemeIndex
ms$msoThemeAccent6               =0xa        # from enum MsoThemeColorSchemeIndex
ms$msoThemeDark1                 =0x1        # from enum MsoThemeColorSchemeIndex
ms$msoThemeDark2                 =0x3        # from enum MsoThemeColorSchemeIndex
ms$msoThemeFollowedHyperlink     =0xc        # from enum MsoThemeColorSchemeIndex
ms$msoThemeHyperlink             =0xb        # from enum MsoThemeColorSchemeIndex
ms$msoThemeLight1                =0x2        # from enum MsoThemeColorSchemeIndex
ms$msoThemeLight2                =0x4        # from enum MsoThemeColorSchemeIndex
ms$msoCTrue                      =0x1        # from enum MsoTriState
ms$msoFalse                      =0x0        # from enum MsoTriState
ms$msoTriStateMixed              =-2         # from enum MsoTriState
ms$msoTriStateToggle             =-3         # from enum MsoTriState
ms$msoTrue                       =-1         # from enum MsoTriState
ms$msoAnchorBottom               =0x4        # from enum MsoVerticalAnchor
ms$msoAnchorBottomBaseLine       =0x5        # from enum MsoVerticalAnchor
ms$msoAnchorMiddle               =0x3        # from enum MsoVerticalAnchor
ms$msoAnchorTop                  =0x1        # from enum MsoVerticalAnchor
ms$msoAnchorTopBaseline          =0x2        # from enum MsoVerticalAnchor
ms$msoVerticalAnchorMixed        =-2         # from enum MsoVerticalAnchor
ms$msoWarpFormat1                =0x0        # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat10               =0x9        # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat11               =0xa        # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat12               =0xb        # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat13               =0xc        # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat14               =0xd        # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat15               =0xe        # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat16               =0xf        # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat17               =0x10       # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat18               =0x11       # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat19               =0x12       # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat2                =0x1        # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat20               =0x13       # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat21               =0x14       # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat22               =0x15       # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat23               =0x16       # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat24               =0x17       # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat25               =0x18       # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat26               =0x19       # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat27               =0x1a       # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat28               =0x1b       # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat29               =0x1c       # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat3                =0x2        # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat30               =0x1d       # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat31               =0x1e       # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat32               =0x1f       # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat33               =0x20       # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat34               =0x21       # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat35               =0x22       # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat36               =0x23       # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat4                =0x3        # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat5                =0x4        # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat6                =0x5        # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat7                =0x6        # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat8                =0x7        # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormat9                =0x8        # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWarpFormatMixed            =-2         # from enum MsoWarpFormat
ms$msoWizardActActive            =0x1        # from enum MsoWizardActType
ms$msoWizardActInactive          =0x0        # from enum MsoWizardActType
ms$msoWizardActResume            =0x3        # from enum MsoWizardActType
ms$msoWizardActSuspend           =0x2        # from enum MsoWizardActType
ms$msoWizardMsgLocalStateOff     =0x2        # from enum MsoWizardMsgType
ms$msoWizardMsgLocalStateOn      =0x1        # from enum MsoWizardMsgType
ms$msoWizardMsgResuming          =0x5        # from enum MsoWizardMsgType
ms$msoWizardMsgShowHelp          =0x3        # from enum MsoWizardMsgType
ms$msoWizardMsgSuspending        =0x4        # from enum MsoWizardMsgType
ms$msoBringForward               =0x2        # from enum MsoZOrderCmd
ms$msoBringInFrontOfText         =0x4        # from enum MsoZOrderCmd
ms$msoBringToFront               =0x0        # from enum MsoZOrderCmd
ms$msoSendBackward               =0x3        # from enum MsoZOrderCmd
ms$msoSendBehindText             =0x5        # from enum MsoZOrderCmd
ms$msoSendToBack                 =0x1        # from enum MsoZOrderCmd
ms$RibbonControlSizeLarge        =0x1        # from enum RibbonControlSize
ms$RibbonControlSizeRegular      =0x0        # from enum RibbonControlSize
ms$sigdetApplicationName         =0x1        # from enum SignatureDetail
ms$sigdetApplicationVersion      =0x2        # from enum SignatureDetail
ms$sigdetColorDepth              =0x8        # from enum SignatureDetail
ms$sigdetDelSuggSigner           =0x10       # from enum SignatureDetail
ms$sigdetDelSuggSignerEmail      =0x14       # from enum SignatureDetail
ms$sigdetDelSuggSignerEmailSet   =0x15       # from enum SignatureDetail
ms$sigdetDelSuggSignerLine2      =0x12       # from enum SignatureDetail
ms$sigdetDelSuggSignerLine2Set   =0x13       # from enum SignatureDetail
ms$sigdetDelSuggSignerSet        =0x11       # from enum SignatureDetail
ms$sigdetDocPreviewImg           =0xa        # from enum SignatureDetail
ms$sigdetHashAlgorithm           =0xe        # from enum SignatureDetail
ms$sigdetHorizResolution         =0x6        # from enum SignatureDetail
ms$sigdetIPCurrentView           =0xc        # from enum SignatureDetail
ms$sigdetIPFormHash              =0xb        # from enum SignatureDetail
ms$sigdetLocalSigningTime        =0x0        # from enum SignatureDetail
ms$sigdetNumberOfMonitors        =0x5        # from enum SignatureDetail
ms$sigdetOfficeVersion           =0x3        # from enum SignatureDetail
ms$sigdetShouldShowViewWarning   =0xf        # from enum SignatureDetail
ms$sigdetSignatureType           =0xd        # from enum SignatureDetail
ms$sigdetSignedData              =0x9        # from enum SignatureDetail
ms$sigdetVertResolution          =0x7        # from enum SignatureDetail
ms$sigdetWindowsVersion          =0x4        # from enum SignatureDetail
ms$siglnimgSigned                =0x4        # from enum SignatureLineImage
ms$siglnimgSignedInvalid         =0x3        # from enum SignatureLineImage
ms$siglnimgSignedValid           =0x2        # from enum SignatureLineImage
ms$siglnimgSoftwareRequired      =0x0        # from enum SignatureLineImage
ms$siglnimgUnsigned              =0x1        # from enum SignatureLineImage
ms$sigprovdetHashAlgorithm       =0x1        # from enum SignatureProviderDetail
ms$sigprovdetUIOnly              =0x2        # from enum SignatureProviderDetail
ms$sigprovdetUrl                 =0x0        # from enum SignatureProviderDetail
ms$sigprovdetUseOfficeStampUI    =0x4        # from enum SignatureProviderDetail
ms$sigprovdetUseOfficeUI         =0x3        # from enum SignatureProviderDetail
ms$sigtypeMax                    =0x3        # from enum SignatureType
ms$sigtypeNonVisible             =0x1        # from enum SignatureType
ms$sigtypeSignatureLine          =0x2        # from enum SignatureType
ms$sigtypeUnknown                =0x0        # from enum SignatureType
ms$xlAxisCrossesAutomatic        =-4105      # from enum XlAxisCrosses
ms$xlAxisCrossesCustom           =-4114      # from enum XlAxisCrosses
ms$xlAxisCrossesMaximum          =0x2        # from enum XlAxisCrosses
ms$xlAxisCrossesMinimum          =0x4        # from enum XlAxisCrosses
ms$xlPrimary                     =0x1        # from enum XlAxisGroup
ms$xlSecondary                   =0x2        # from enum XlAxisGroup
ms$xlCategory                    =0x1        # from enum XlAxisType
ms$xlSeriesAxis                  =0x3        # from enum XlAxisType
ms$xlValue                       =0x2        # from enum XlAxisType
ms$xlBox                         =0x0        # from enum XlBarShape
ms$xlConeToMax                   =0x5        # from enum XlBarShape
ms$xlConeToPoint                 =0x4        # from enum XlBarShape
ms$xlCylinder                    =0x3        # from enum XlBarShape
ms$xlPyramidToMax                =0x2        # from enum XlBarShape
ms$xlPyramidToPoint              =0x1        # from enum XlBarShape
ms$xlHairline                    =0x1        # from enum XlBorderWeight
ms$xlMedium                      =-4138      # from enum XlBorderWeight
ms$xlThick                       =0x4        # from enum XlBorderWeight
ms$xlThin                        =0x2        # from enum XlBorderWeight
ms$xlAutomaticScale              =-4105      # from enum XlCategoryType
ms$xlCategoryScale               =0x2        # from enum XlCategoryType
ms$xlTimeScale                   =0x3        # from enum XlCategoryType
ms$xlChartElementPositionAutomatic=-4105      # from enum XlChartElementPosition
ms$xlChartElementPositionCustom  =-4114      # from enum XlChartElementPosition
ms$xlAxis                        =0x15       # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlAxisTitle                   =0x11       # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlChartArea                   =0x2        # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlChartTitle                  =0x4        # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlCorners                     =0x6        # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlDataLabel                   =0x0        # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlDataTable                   =0x7        # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlDisplayUnitLabel            =0x1e       # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlDownBars                    =0x14       # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlDropLines                   =0x1a       # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlErrorBars                   =0x9        # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlFloor                       =0x17       # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlHiLoLines                   =0x19       # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlLeaderLines                 =0x1d       # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlLegend                      =0x18       # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlLegendEntry                 =0xc        # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlLegendKey                   =0xd        # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlMajorGridlines              =0xf        # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlMinorGridlines              =0x10       # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlNothing                     =0x1c       # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlPivotChartDropZone          =0x20       # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlPivotChartFieldButton       =0x1f       # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlPlotArea                    =0x13       # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlRadarAxisLabels             =0x1b       # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlSeries                      =0x3        # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlSeriesLines                 =0x16       # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlShape                       =0xe        # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlTrendline                   =0x8        # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlUpBars                      =0x12       # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlWalls                       =0x5        # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlXErrorBars                  =0xa        # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlYErrorBars                  =0xb        # from enum XlChartItem
ms$xlDownward                    =-4170      # from enum XlChartOrientation
ms$xlHorizontal                  =-4128      # from enum XlChartOrientation
ms$xlUpward                      =-4171      # from enum XlChartOrientation
ms$xlVertical                    =-4166      # from enum XlChartOrientation
ms$xlStack                       =0x2        # from enum XlChartPictureType
ms$xlStackScale                  =0x3        # from enum XlChartPictureType
ms$xlStretch                     =0x1        # from enum XlChartPictureType
ms$xlSplitByCustomSplit          =0x4        # from enum XlChartSplitType
ms$xlSplitByPercentValue         =0x3        # from enum XlChartSplitType
ms$xlSplitByPosition             =0x1        # from enum XlChartSplitType
ms$xlSplitByValue                =0x2        # from enum XlChartSplitType
ms$xl3DArea                      =-4098      # from enum XlChartType
ms$xl3DAreaStacked               =0x4e       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xl3DAreaStacked100            =0x4f       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xl3DBarClustered              =0x3c       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xl3DBarStacked                =0x3d       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xl3DBarStacked100             =0x3e       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xl3DColumn                    =-4100      # from enum XlChartType
ms$xl3DColumnClustered           =0x36       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xl3DColumnStacked             =0x37       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xl3DColumnStacked100          =0x38       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xl3DLine                      =-4101      # from enum XlChartType
ms$xl3DPie                       =-4102      # from enum XlChartType
ms$xl3DPieExploded               =0x46       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlArea                        =0x1        # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlAreaStacked                 =0x4c       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlAreaStacked100              =0x4d       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlBarClustered                =0x39       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlBarOfPie                    =0x47       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlBarStacked                  =0x3a       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlBarStacked100               =0x3b       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlBubble                      =0xf        # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlBubble3DEffect              =0x57       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlColumnClustered             =0x33       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlColumnStacked               =0x34       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlColumnStacked100            =0x35       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlConeBarClustered            =0x66       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlConeBarStacked              =0x67       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlConeBarStacked100           =0x68       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlConeCol                     =0x69       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlConeColClustered            =0x63       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlConeColStacked              =0x64       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlConeColStacked100           =0x65       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlCylinderBarClustered        =0x5f       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlCylinderBarStacked          =0x60       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlCylinderBarStacked100       =0x61       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlCylinderCol                 =0x62       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlCylinderColClustered        =0x5c       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlCylinderColStacked          =0x5d       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlCylinderColStacked100       =0x5e       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlDoughnut                    =-4120      # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlDoughnutExploded            =0x50       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlLine                        =0x4        # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlLineMarkers                 =0x41       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlLineMarkersStacked          =0x42       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlLineMarkersStacked100       =0x43       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlLineStacked                 =0x3f       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlLineStacked100              =0x40       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlPie                         =0x5        # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlPieExploded                 =0x45       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlPieOfPie                    =0x44       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlPyramidBarClustered         =0x6d       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlPyramidBarStacked           =0x6e       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlPyramidBarStacked100        =0x6f       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlPyramidCol                  =0x70       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlPyramidColClustered         =0x6a       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlPyramidColStacked           =0x6b       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlPyramidColStacked100        =0x6c       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlRadar                       =-4151      # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlRadarFilled                 =0x52       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlRadarMarkers                =0x51       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlStockHLC                    =0x58       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlStockOHLC                   =0x59       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlStockVHLC                   =0x5a       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlStockVOHLC                  =0x5b       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlSurface                     =0x53       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlSurfaceTopView              =0x55       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlSurfaceTopViewWireframe     =0x56       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlSurfaceWireframe            =0x54       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlXYScatter                   =-4169      # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlXYScatterLines              =0x4a       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlXYScatterLinesNoMarkers     =0x4b       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlXYScatterSmooth             =0x48       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlXYScatterSmoothNoMarkers    =0x49       # from enum XlChartType
ms$xlColorIndexAutomatic         =-4105      # from enum XlColorIndex
ms$xlColorIndexNone              =-4142      # from enum XlColorIndex
ms$xl3DBar                       =-4099      # from enum XlConstants
ms$xl3DSurface                   =-4103      # from enum XlConstants
ms$xlAutomatic                   =-4105      # from enum XlConstants
ms$xlBar                         =0x2        # from enum XlConstants
ms$xlColumn                      =0x3        # from enum XlConstants
ms$xlCombination                 =-4111      # from enum XlConstants
ms$xlCustom                      =-4114      # from enum XlConstants
ms$xlDefaultAutoFormat           =-1         # from enum XlConstants
ms$xlNone                        =-4142      # from enum XlConstants
ms$xlLabelPositionAbove          =0x0        # from enum XlDataLabelPosition
ms$xlLabelPositionBelow          =0x1        # from enum XlDataLabelPosition
ms$xlLabelPositionBestFit        =0x5        # from enum XlDataLabelPosition
ms$xlLabelPositionCenter         =-4108      # from enum XlDataLabelPosition
ms$xlLabelPositionCustom         =0x7        # from enum XlDataLabelPosition
ms$xlLabelPositionInsideBase     =0x4        # from enum XlDataLabelPosition
ms$xlLabelPositionInsideEnd      =0x3        # from enum XlDataLabelPosition
ms$xlLabelPositionLeft           =-4131      # from enum XlDataLabelPosition
ms$xlLabelPositionMixed          =0x6        # from enum XlDataLabelPosition
ms$xlLabelPositionOutsideEnd     =0x2        # from enum XlDataLabelPosition
ms$xlLabelPositionRight          =-4152      # from enum XlDataLabelPosition
ms$xlDataLabelsShowBubbleSizes   =0x6        # from enum XlDataLabelsType
ms$xlDataLabelsShowLabel         =0x4        # from enum XlDataLabelsType
ms$xlDataLabelsShowLabelAndPercent=0x5        # from enum XlDataLabelsType
ms$xlDataLabelsShowNone          =-4142      # from enum XlDataLabelsType
ms$xlDataLabelsShowPercent       =0x3        # from enum XlDataLabelsType
ms$xlDataLabelsShowValue         =0x2        # from enum XlDataLabelsType
ms$xlInterpolated                =0x3        # from enum XlDisplayBlanksAs
ms$xlNotPlotted                  =0x1        # from enum XlDisplayBlanksAs
ms$xlZero                        =0x2        # from enum XlDisplayBlanksAs
ms$xlDisplayUnitCustom           =-4114      # from enum XlDisplayUnit
ms$xlDisplayUnitNone             =-4142      # from enum XlDisplayUnit
ms$xlHundredMillions             =-8         # from enum XlDisplayUnit
ms$xlHundredThousands            =-5         # from enum XlDisplayUnit
ms$xlHundreds                    =-2         # from enum XlDisplayUnit
ms$xlMillionMillions             =-10        # from enum XlDisplayUnit
ms$xlMillions                    =-6         # from enum XlDisplayUnit
ms$xlTenMillions                 =-7         # from enum XlDisplayUnit
ms$xlTenThousands                =-4         # from enum XlDisplayUnit
ms$xlThousandMillions            =-9         # from enum XlDisplayUnit
ms$xlThousands                   =-3         # from enum XlDisplayUnit
ms$xlCap                         =0x1        # from enum XlEndStyleCap
ms$xlNoCap                       =0x2        # from enum XlEndStyleCap
ms$xlChartX                      =-4168      # from enum XlErrorBarDirection
ms$xlChartY                      =0x1        # from enum XlErrorBarDirection
ms$xlErrorBarIncludeBoth         =0x1        # from enum XlErrorBarInclude
ms$xlErrorBarIncludeMinusValues  =0x3        # from enum XlErrorBarInclude
ms$xlErrorBarIncludeNone         =-4142      # from enum XlErrorBarInclude
ms$xlErrorBarIncludePlusValues   =0x2        # from enum XlErrorBarInclude
ms$xlErrorBarTypeCustom          =-4114      # from enum XlErrorBarType
ms$xlErrorBarTypeFixedValue      =0x1        # from enum XlErrorBarType
ms$xlErrorBarTypePercent         =0x2        # from enum XlErrorBarType
ms$xlErrorBarTypeStDev           =-4155      # from enum XlErrorBarType
ms$xlErrorBarTypeStError         =0x4        # from enum XlErrorBarType
ms$xlHAlignCenter                =-4108      # from enum XlHAlign
ms$xlHAlignCenterAcrossSelection =0x7        # from enum XlHAlign
ms$xlHAlignDistributed           =-4117      # from enum XlHAlign
ms$xlHAlignFill                  =0x5        # from enum XlHAlign
ms$xlHAlignGeneral               =0x1        # from enum XlHAlign
ms$xlHAlignJustify               =-4130      # from enum XlHAlign
ms$xlHAlignLeft                  =-4131      # from enum XlHAlign
ms$xlHAlignRight                 =-4152      # from enum XlHAlign
ms$xlLegendPositionBottom        =-4107      # from enum XlLegendPosition
ms$xlLegendPositionCorner        =0x2        # from enum XlLegendPosition
ms$xlLegendPositionCustom        =-4161      # from enum XlLegendPosition
ms$xlLegendPositionLeft          =-4131      # from enum XlLegendPosition
ms$xlLegendPositionRight         =-4152      # from enum XlLegendPosition
ms$xlLegendPositionTop           =-4160      # from enum XlLegendPosition
ms$xlMarkerStyleAutomatic        =-4105      # from enum XlMarkerStyle
ms$xlMarkerStyleCircle           =0x8        # from enum XlMarkerStyle
ms$xlMarkerStyleDash             =-4115      # from enum XlMarkerStyle
ms$xlMarkerStyleDiamond          =0x2        # from enum XlMarkerStyle
ms$xlMarkerStyleDot              =-4118      # from enum XlMarkerStyle
ms$xlMarkerStyleNone             =-4142      # from enum XlMarkerStyle
ms$xlMarkerStylePicture          =-4147      # from enum XlMarkerStyle
ms$xlMarkerStylePlus             =0x9        # from enum XlMarkerStyle
ms$xlMarkerStyleSquare           =0x1        # from enum XlMarkerStyle
ms$xlMarkerStyleStar             =0x5        # from enum XlMarkerStyle
ms$xlMarkerStyleTriangle         =0x3        # from enum XlMarkerStyle
ms$xlMarkerStyleX                =-4168      # from enum XlMarkerStyle
ms$xlColumnField                 =0x2        # from enum XlPivotFieldOrientation
ms$xlDataField                   =0x4        # from enum XlPivotFieldOrientation
ms$xlHidden                      =0x0        # from enum XlPivotFieldOrientation
ms$xlPageField                   =0x3        # from enum XlPivotFieldOrientation
ms$xlRowField                    =0x1        # from enum XlPivotFieldOrientation
ms$xlContext                     =-5002      # from enum XlReadingOrder
ms$xlLTR                         =-5003      # from enum XlReadingOrder
ms$xlRTL                         =-5004      # from enum XlReadingOrder
ms$xlColumns                     =0x2        # from enum XlRowCol
ms$xlRows                        =0x1        # from enum XlRowCol
ms$xlScaleLinear                 =-4132      # from enum XlScaleType
ms$xlScaleLogarithmic            =-4133      # from enum XlScaleType
ms$xlSizeIsArea                  =0x1        # from enum XlSizeRepresents
ms$xlSizeIsWidth                 =0x2        # from enum XlSizeRepresents
ms$xlTickLabelOrientationAutomatic=-4105      # from enum XlTickLabelOrientation
ms$xlTickLabelOrientationDownward=-4170      # from enum XlTickLabelOrientation
ms$xlTickLabelOrientationHorizontal=-4128      # from enum XlTickLabelOrientation
ms$xlTickLabelOrientationUpward  =-4171      # from enum XlTickLabelOrientation
ms$xlTickLabelOrientationVertical=-4166      # from enum XlTickLabelOrientation
ms$xlTickLabelPositionHigh       =-4127      # from enum XlTickLabelPosition
ms$xlTickLabelPositionLow        =-4134      # from enum XlTickLabelPosition
ms$xlTickLabelPositionNextToAxis =0x4        # from enum XlTickLabelPosition
ms$xlTickLabelPositionNone       =-4142      # from enum XlTickLabelPosition
ms$xlTickMarkCross               =0x4        # from enum XlTickMark
ms$xlTickMarkInside              =0x2        # from enum XlTickMark
ms$xlTickMarkNone                =-4142      # from enum XlTickMark
ms$xlTickMarkOutside             =0x3        # from enum XlTickMark
ms$xlDays                        =0x0        # from enum XlTimeUnit
ms$xlMonths                      =0x1        # from enum XlTimeUnit
ms$xlYears                       =0x2        # from enum XlTimeUnit
ms$xlExponential                 =0x5        # from enum XlTrendlineType
ms$xlLinear                      =-4132      # from enum XlTrendlineType
ms$xlLogarithmic                 =-4133      # from enum XlTrendlineType
ms$xlMovingAvg                   =0x6        # from enum XlTrendlineType
ms$xlPolynomial                  =0x3        # from enum XlTrendlineType
ms$xlPower                       =0x4        # from enum XlTrendlineType
ms$xlUnderlineStyleDouble        =-4119      # from enum XlUnderlineStyle
ms$xlUnderlineStyleDoubleAccounting=0x5        # from enum XlUnderlineStyle
ms$xlUnderlineStyleNone          =-4142      # from enum XlUnderlineStyle
ms$xlUnderlineStyleSingle        =0x2        # from enum XlUnderlineStyle
ms$xlUnderlineStyleSingleAccounting=0x4        # from enum XlUnderlineStyle
ms$xlVAlignBottom                =-4107      # from enum XlVAlign
ms$xlVAlignCenter                =-4108      # from enum XlVAlign
ms$xlVAlignDistributed           =-4117      # from enum XlVAlign
ms$xlVAlignJustify               =-4130      # from enum XlVAlign
ms$xlVAlignTop                   =-4160      # from enum XlVAlign
ms$
ms$# -*- coding: mbcs -*-
ms$# Created by makepy.py version 0.4.95
ms$# By python version 2.5.1 (r251:54863, May  1 2007, 17:47:05) [MSC v.1310 32 bit (Intel)]
ms$# From type library 'MSPPT.OLB'
ms$# On Sun Mar 29 22:03:16 2009
ms$
ms$msoAnimAccumulateAlways       =0x2        # from enum MsoAnimAccumulate
ms$msoAnimAccumulateNone         =0x1        # from enum MsoAnimAccumulate
ms$msoAnimAdditiveAddBase        =0x1        # from enum MsoAnimAdditive
ms$msoAnimAdditiveAddSum         =0x2        # from enum MsoAnimAdditive
ms$msoAnimAfterEffectDim         =0x1        # from enum MsoAnimAfterEffect
ms$msoAnimAfterEffectHide        =0x2        # from enum MsoAnimAfterEffect
ms$msoAnimAfterEffectHideOnNextClick=0x3        # from enum MsoAnimAfterEffect
ms$msoAnimAfterEffectMixed       =-1         # from enum MsoAnimAfterEffect
ms$msoAnimAfterEffectNone        =0x0        # from enum MsoAnimAfterEffect
ms$msoAnimCommandTypeCall        =0x1        # from enum MsoAnimCommandType
ms$msoAnimCommandTypeEvent       =0x0        # from enum MsoAnimCommandType
ms$msoAnimCommandTypeVerb        =0x2        # from enum MsoAnimCommandType
ms$msoAnimDirectionAcross        =0x12       # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionBottom        =0xb        # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionBottomLeft    =0xf        # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionBottomRight   =0xe        # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionCenter        =0x1c       # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionClockwise     =0x15       # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionCounterclockwise=0x16       # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionCycleClockwise=0x2b       # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionCycleCounterclockwise=0x2c       # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionDown          =0x3        # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionDownLeft      =0x9        # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionDownRight     =0x8        # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionFontAllCaps   =0x28       # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionFontBold      =0x23       # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionFontItalic    =0x24       # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionFontShadow    =0x27       # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionFontStrikethrough=0x26       # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionFontUnderline =0x25       # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionGradual       =0x2a       # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionHorizontal    =0x10       # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionHorizontalIn  =0x17       # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionHorizontalOut =0x18       # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionIn            =0x13       # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionInBottom      =0x1f       # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionInCenter      =0x1e       # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionInSlightly    =0x1d       # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionInstant       =0x29       # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionLeft          =0x4        # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionNone          =0x0        # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionOrdinalMask   =0x5        # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionOut           =0x14       # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionOutBottom     =0x22       # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionOutCenter     =0x21       # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionOutSlightly   =0x20       # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionRight         =0x2        # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionSlightly      =0x1b       # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionTop           =0xa        # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionTopLeft       =0xc        # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionTopRight      =0xd        # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionUp            =0x1        # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionUpLeft        =0x6        # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionUpRight       =0x7        # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionVertical      =0x11       # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionVerticalIn    =0x19       # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimDirectionVerticalOut   =0x1a       # from enum MsoAnimDirection
ms$msoAnimEffectAppear           =0x1        # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectArcUp            =0x2f       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectAscend           =0x27       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectBlast            =0x40       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectBlinds           =0x3        # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectBoldFlash        =0x3f       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectBoldReveal       =0x41       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectBoomerang        =0x19       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectBounce           =0x1a       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectBox              =0x4        # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectBrushOnColor     =0x42       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectBrushOnUnderline =0x43       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectCenterRevolve    =0x28       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectChangeFillColor  =0x36       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectChangeFont       =0x37       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectChangeFontColor  =0x38       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectChangeFontSize   =0x39       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectChangeFontStyle  =0x3a       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectChangeLineColor  =0x3c       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectCheckerboard     =0x5        # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectCircle           =0x6        # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectColorBlend       =0x44       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectColorReveal      =0x1b       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectColorWave        =0x45       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectComplementaryColor=0x46       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectComplementaryColor2=0x47       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectContrastingColor =0x48       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectCrawl            =0x7        # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectCredits          =0x1c       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectCustom           =0x0        # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectDarken           =0x49       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectDesaturate       =0x4a       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectDescend          =0x2a       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectDiamond          =0x8        # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectDissolve         =0x9        # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectEaseIn           =0x1d       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectExpand           =0x32       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectFade             =0xa        # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectFadedSwivel      =0x29       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectFadedZoom        =0x30       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectFlashBulb        =0x4b       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectFlashOnce        =0xb        # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectFlicker          =0x4c       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectFlip             =0x33       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectFloat            =0x1e       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectFly              =0x2        # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectFold             =0x35       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectGlide            =0x31       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectGrowAndTurn      =0x1f       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectGrowShrink       =0x3b       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectGrowWithColor    =0x4d       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectLightSpeed       =0x20       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectLighten          =0x4e       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectMediaPause       =0x54       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectMediaPlay        =0x53       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectMediaStop        =0x55       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPath4PointStar   =0x65       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPath5PointStar   =0x5a       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPath6PointStar   =0x60       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPath8PointStar   =0x66       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathArcDown      =0x7a       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathArcLeft      =0x88       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathArcRight     =0x8f       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathArcUp        =0x81       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathBean         =0x74       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathBounceLeft   =0x7e       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathBounceRight  =0x8b       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathBuzzsaw      =0x6e       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathCircle       =0x56       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathCrescentMoon =0x5b       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathCurvedSquare =0x69       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathCurvedX      =0x6a       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathCurvyLeft    =0x85       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathCurvyRight   =0x92       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathCurvyStar    =0x6c       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathDecayingWave =0x91       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathDiagonalDownRight=0x86       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathDiagonalUpRight=0x8d       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathDiamond      =0x58       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathDown         =0x7f       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathEqualTriangle=0x62       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathFigure8Four  =0x71       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathFootball     =0x61       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathFunnel       =0x89       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathHeart        =0x5e       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathHeartbeat    =0x82       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathHexagon      =0x59       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathHorizontalFigure8=0x6f       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathInvertedSquare=0x77       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathInvertedTriangle=0x76       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathLeft         =0x78       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathLoopdeLoop   =0x6d       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathNeutron      =0x72       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathOctagon      =0x5f       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathParallelogram=0x63       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathPeanut       =0x70       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathPentagon     =0x64       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathPlus         =0x75       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathPointyStar   =0x68       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathRight        =0x95       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathRightTriangle=0x57       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathSCurve1      =0x90       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathSCurve2      =0x7c       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathSineWave     =0x7d       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathSpiralLeft   =0x8c       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathSpiralRight  =0x83       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathSpring       =0x8a       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathSquare       =0x5c       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathStairsDown   =0x93       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathSwoosh       =0x73       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathTeardrop     =0x67       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathTrapezoid    =0x5d       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathTurnDown     =0x87       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathTurnRight    =0x79       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathTurnUp       =0x80       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathTurnUpRight  =0x8e       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathUp           =0x94       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathVerticalFigure8=0x6b       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathWave         =0x84       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPathZigzag       =0x7b       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPeek             =0xc        # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPinwheel         =0x21       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectPlus             =0xd        # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectRandomBars       =0xe        # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectRandomEffects    =0x18       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectRiseUp           =0x22       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectShimmer          =0x34       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectSling            =0x2b       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectSpin             =0x3d       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectSpinner          =0x2c       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectSpiral           =0xf        # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectSplit            =0x10       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectStretch          =0x11       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectStretchy         =0x2d       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectStrips           =0x12       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectStyleEmphasis    =0x4f       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectSwish            =0x23       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectSwivel           =0x13       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectTeeter           =0x50       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectThinLine         =0x24       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectTransparency     =0x3e       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectUnfold           =0x25       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectVerticalGrow     =0x51       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectWave             =0x52       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectWedge            =0x14       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectWheel            =0x15       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectWhip             =0x26       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectWipe             =0x16       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectZip              =0x2e       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectZoom             =0x17       # from enum MsoAnimEffect
ms$msoAnimEffectAfterFreeze      =0x1        # from enum MsoAnimEffectAfter
ms$msoAnimEffectAfterHold        =0x3        # from enum MsoAnimEffectAfter
ms$msoAnimEffectAfterRemove      =0x2        # from enum MsoAnimEffectAfter
ms$msoAnimEffectAfterTransition  =0x4        # from enum MsoAnimEffectAfter
ms$msoAnimEffectRestartAlways    =0x1        # from enum MsoAnimEffectRestart
ms$msoAnimEffectRestartNever     =0x3        # from enum MsoAnimEffectRestart
ms$msoAnimEffectRestartWhenOff   =0x2        # from enum MsoAnimEffectRestart
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectSubtypeAcross=0x9        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectSubtype
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectSubtypeDown=0x19       # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectSubtype
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectSubtypeDownLeft=0xe        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectSubtype
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectSubtypeDownRight=0x10       # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectSubtype
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectSubtypeFromBottom=0xd        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectSubtype
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectSubtypeFromLeft=0xa        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectSubtype
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectSubtypeFromRight=0xb        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectSubtype
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectSubtypeFromTop=0xc        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectSubtype
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectSubtypeHorizontal=0x5        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectSubtype
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectSubtypeIn  =0x7        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectSubtype
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectSubtypeInHorizontal=0x3        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectSubtype
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectSubtypeInVertical=0x1        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectSubtype
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectSubtypeLeft=0x17       # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectSubtype
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectSubtypeNone=0x0        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectSubtype
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectSubtypeOut =0x8        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectSubtype
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectSubtypeOutHorizontal=0x4        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectSubtype
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectSubtypeOutVertical=0x2        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectSubtype
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectSubtypeRight=0x18       # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectSubtype
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectSubtypeSpokes1=0x12       # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectSubtype
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectSubtypeSpokes2=0x13       # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectSubtype
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectSubtypeSpokes3=0x14       # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectSubtype
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectSubtypeSpokes4=0x15       # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectSubtype
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectSubtypeSpokes8=0x16       # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectSubtype
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectSubtypeUp  =0x1a       # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectSubtype
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectSubtypeUpLeft=0xf        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectSubtype
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectSubtypeUpRight=0x11       # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectSubtype
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectSubtypeVertical=0x6        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectSubtype
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectTypeBarn   =0x1        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectType
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectTypeBlinds =0x2        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectType
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectTypeBox    =0x3        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectType
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectTypeCheckerboard=0x4        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectType
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectTypeCircle =0x5        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectType
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectTypeDiamond=0x6        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectType
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectTypeDissolve=0x7        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectType
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectTypeFade   =0x8        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectType
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectTypeImage  =0x9        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectType
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectTypeNone   =0x0        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectType
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectTypePixelate=0xa        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectType
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectTypePlus   =0xb        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectType
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectTypeRandomBar=0xc        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectType
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectTypeSlide  =0xd        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectType
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectTypeStretch=0xe        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectType
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectTypeStrips =0xf        # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectType
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectTypeWedge  =0x10       # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectType
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectTypeWheel  =0x11       # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectType
ms$msoAnimFilterEffectTypeWipe   =0x12       # from enum MsoAnimFilterEffectType
ms$msoAnimColor                  =0x7        # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimHeight                 =0x4        # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimNone                   =0x0        # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimOpacity                =0x5        # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimRotation               =0x6        # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimShapeFillBackColor     =0x3ef      # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimShapeFillColor         =0x3ed      # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimShapeFillOn            =0x3ec      # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimShapeFillOpacity       =0x3ee      # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimShapeLineColor         =0x3f1      # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimShapeLineOn            =0x3f0      # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimShapePictureBrightness =0x3e9      # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimShapePictureContrast   =0x3e8      # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimShapePictureGamma      =0x3ea      # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimShapePictureGrayscale  =0x3eb      # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimShapeShadowColor       =0x3f4      # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimShapeShadowOffsetX     =0x3f6      # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimShapeShadowOffsetY     =0x3f7      # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimShapeShadowOn          =0x3f2      # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimShapeShadowOpacity     =0x3f5      # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimShapeShadowType        =0x3f3      # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimTextBulletCharacter    =0x6f       # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimTextBulletColor        =0x72       # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimTextBulletFontName     =0x70       # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimTextBulletNumber       =0x71       # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimTextBulletRelativeSize =0x73       # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimTextBulletStyle        =0x74       # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimTextBulletType         =0x75       # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimTextFontBold           =0x64       # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimTextFontColor          =0x65       # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimTextFontEmboss         =0x66       # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimTextFontItalic         =0x67       # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimTextFontName           =0x68       # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimTextFontShadow         =0x69       # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimTextFontSize           =0x6a       # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimTextFontStrikeThrough  =0x6e       # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimTextFontSubscript      =0x6b       # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimTextFontSuperscript    =0x6c       # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimTextFontUnderline      =0x6d       # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimVisibility             =0x8        # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimWidth                  =0x3        # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimX                      =0x1        # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimY                      =0x2        # from enum MsoAnimProperty
ms$msoAnimTextUnitEffectByCharacter=0x1        # from enum MsoAnimTextUnitEffect
ms$msoAnimTextUnitEffectByParagraph=0x0        # from enum MsoAnimTextUnitEffect
ms$msoAnimTextUnitEffectByWord   =0x2        # from enum MsoAnimTextUnitEffect
ms$msoAnimTextUnitEffectMixed    =-1         # from enum MsoAnimTextUnitEffect
ms$msoAnimTriggerAfterPrevious   =0x3        # from enum MsoAnimTriggerType
ms$msoAnimTriggerMixed           =-1         # from enum MsoAnimTriggerType
ms$msoAnimTriggerNone            =0x0        # from enum MsoAnimTriggerType
ms$msoAnimTriggerOnPageClick     =0x1        # from enum MsoAnimTriggerType
ms$msoAnimTriggerOnShapeClick    =0x4        # from enum MsoAnimTriggerType
ms$msoAnimTriggerWithPrevious    =0x2        # from enum MsoAnimTriggerType
ms$msoAnimTypeColor              =0x2        # from enum MsoAnimType
ms$msoAnimTypeCommand            =0x6        # from enum MsoAnimType
ms$msoAnimTypeFilter             =0x7        # from enum MsoAnimType
ms$msoAnimTypeMixed              =-2         # from enum MsoAnimType
ms$msoAnimTypeMotion             =0x1        # from enum MsoAnimType
ms$msoAnimTypeNone               =0x0        # from enum MsoAnimType
ms$msoAnimTypeProperty           =0x5        # from enum MsoAnimType
ms$msoAnimTypeRotation           =0x4        # from enum MsoAnimType
ms$msoAnimTypeScale              =0x3        # from enum MsoAnimType
ms$msoAnimTypeSet                =0x8        # from enum MsoAnimType
ms$msoAnimateChartAllAtOnce      =0x7        # from enum MsoAnimateByLevel
ms$msoAnimateChartByCategory     =0x8        # from enum MsoAnimateByLevel
ms$msoAnimateChartByCategoryElements=0x9        # from enum MsoAnimateByLevel
ms$msoAnimateChartBySeries       =0xa        # from enum MsoAnimateByLevel
ms$msoAnimateChartBySeriesElements=0xb        # from enum MsoAnimateByLevel
ms$msoAnimateDiagramAllAtOnce    =0xc        # from enum MsoAnimateByLevel
ms$msoAnimateDiagramBreadthByLevel=0x10       # from enum MsoAnimateByLevel
ms$msoAnimateDiagramBreadthByNode=0xf        # from enum MsoAnimateByLevel
ms$msoAnimateDiagramClockwise    =0x11       # from enum MsoAnimateByLevel
ms$msoAnimateDiagramClockwiseIn  =0x12       # from enum MsoAnimateByLevel
ms$msoAnimateDiagramClockwiseOut =0x13       # from enum MsoAnimateByLevel
ms$msoAnimateDiagramCounterClockwise=0x14       # from enum MsoAnimateByLevel
ms$msoAnimateDiagramCounterClockwiseIn=0x15       # from enum MsoAnimateByLevel
ms$msoAnimateDiagramCounterClockwiseOut=0x16       # from enum MsoAnimateByLevel
ms$msoAnimateDiagramDepthByBranch=0xe        # from enum MsoAnimateByLevel
ms$msoAnimateDiagramDepthByNode  =0xd        # from enum MsoAnimateByLevel
ms$msoAnimateDiagramDown         =0x1a       # from enum MsoAnimateByLevel
ms$msoAnimateDiagramInByRing     =0x17       # from enum MsoAnimateByLevel
ms$msoAnimateDiagramOutByRing    =0x18       # from enum MsoAnimateByLevel
ms$msoAnimateDiagramUp           =0x19       # from enum MsoAnimateByLevel
ms$msoAnimateLevelMixed          =-1         # from enum MsoAnimateByLevel
ms$msoAnimateLevelNone           =0x0        # from enum MsoAnimateByLevel
ms$msoAnimateTextByAllLevels     =0x1        # from enum MsoAnimateByLevel
ms$msoAnimateTextByFifthLevel    =0x6        # from enum MsoAnimateByLevel
ms$msoAnimateTextByFirstLevel    =0x2        # from enum MsoAnimateByLevel
ms$msoAnimateTextByFourthLevel   =0x5        # from enum MsoAnimateByLevel
ms$msoAnimateTextBySecondLevel   =0x3        # from enum MsoAnimateByLevel
ms$msoAnimateTextByThirdLevel    =0x4        # from enum MsoAnimateByLevel
ms$msoClickStateAfterAllAnimations=-2         # from enum MsoClickState
ms$msoClickStateBeforeAutomaticAnimations=-1         # from enum MsoClickState
ms$ppActionEndShow               =0x6        # from enum PpActionType
ms$ppActionFirstSlide            =0x3        # from enum PpActionType
ms$ppActionHyperlink             =0x7        # from enum PpActionType
ms$ppActionLastSlide             =0x4        # from enum PpActionType
ms$ppActionLastSlideViewed       =0x5        # from enum PpActionType
ms$ppActionMixed                 =-2         # from enum PpActionType
ms$ppActionNamedSlideShow        =0xa        # from enum PpActionType
ms$ppActionNextSlide             =0x1        # from enum PpActionType
ms$ppActionNone                  =0x0        # from enum PpActionType
ms$ppActionOLEVerb               =0xb        # from enum PpActionType
ms$ppActionPlay                  =0xc        # from enum PpActionType
ms$ppActionPreviousSlide         =0x2        # from enum PpActionType
ms$ppActionRunMacro              =0x8        # from enum PpActionType
ms$ppActionRunProgram            =0x9        # from enum PpActionType
ms$ppAdvanceModeMixed            =-2         # from enum PpAdvanceMode
ms$ppAdvanceOnClick              =0x1        # from enum PpAdvanceMode
ms$ppAdvanceOnTime               =0x2        # from enum PpAdvanceMode
ms$ppAfterEffectDim              =0x2        # from enum PpAfterEffect
ms$ppAfterEffectHide             =0x1        # from enum PpAfterEffect
ms$ppAfterEffectHideOnClick      =0x3        # from enum PpAfterEffect
ms$ppAfterEffectMixed            =-2         # from enum PpAfterEffect
ms$ppAfterEffectNothing          =0x0        # from enum PpAfterEffect
ms$ppAlertsAll                   =0x2        # from enum PpAlertLevel
ms$ppAlertsNone                  =0x1        # from enum PpAlertLevel
ms$ppArrangeCascade              =0x2        # from enum PpArrangeStyle
ms$ppArrangeTiled                =0x1        # from enum PpArrangeStyle
ms$ppAutoSizeMixed               =-2         # from enum PpAutoSize
ms$ppAutoSizeNone                =0x0        # from enum PpAutoSize
ms$ppAutoSizeShapeToFitText      =0x1        # from enum PpAutoSize
ms$ppBaselineAlignAuto           =0x5        # from enum PpBaselineAlignment
ms$ppBaselineAlignBaseline       =0x1        # from enum PpBaselineAlignment
ms$ppBaselineAlignCenter         =0x3        # from enum PpBaselineAlignment
ms$ppBaselineAlignFarEast50      =0x4        # from enum PpBaselineAlignment
ms$ppBaselineAlignMixed          =-2         # from enum PpBaselineAlignment
ms$ppBaselineAlignTop            =0x2        # from enum PpBaselineAlignment
ms$ppBorderBottom                =0x3        # from enum PpBorderType
ms$ppBorderDiagonalDown          =0x5        # from enum PpBorderType
ms$ppBorderDiagonalUp            =0x6        # from enum PpBorderType
ms$ppBorderLeft                  =0x2        # from enum PpBorderType
ms$ppBorderRight                 =0x4        # from enum PpBorderType
ms$ppBorderTop                   =0x1        # from enum PpBorderType
ms$ppBulletMixed                 =-2         # from enum PpBulletType
ms$ppBulletNone                  =0x0        # from enum PpBulletType
ms$ppBulletNumbered              =0x2        # from enum PpBulletType
ms$ppBulletPicture               =0x3        # from enum PpBulletType
ms$ppBulletUnnumbered            =0x1        # from enum PpBulletType
ms$ppCaseLower                   =0x2        # from enum PpChangeCase
ms$ppCaseSentence                =0x1        # from enum PpChangeCase
ms$ppCaseTitle                   =0x4        # from enum PpChangeCase
ms$ppCaseToggle                  =0x5        # from enum PpChangeCase
ms$ppCaseUpper                   =0x3        # from enum PpChangeCase
ms$ppAnimateByCategory           =0x2        # from enum PpChartUnitEffect
ms$ppAnimateByCategoryElements   =0x4        # from enum PpChartUnitEffect
ms$ppAnimateBySeries             =0x1        # from enum PpChartUnitEffect
ms$ppAnimateBySeriesElements     =0x3        # from enum PpChartUnitEffect
ms$ppAnimateChartAllAtOnce       =0x5        # from enum PpChartUnitEffect
ms$ppAnimateChartMixed           =-2         # from enum PpChartUnitEffect
ms$ppCheckInMajorVersion         =0x1        # from enum PpCheckInVersionType
ms$ppCheckInMinorVersion         =0x0        # from enum PpCheckInVersionType
ms$ppCheckInOverwriteVersion     =0x2        # from enum PpCheckInVersionType
ms$ppAccent1                     =0x6        # from enum PpColorSchemeIndex
ms$ppAccent2                     =0x7        # from enum PpColorSchemeIndex
ms$ppAccent3                     =0x8        # from enum PpColorSchemeIndex
ms$ppBackground                  =0x1        # from enum PpColorSchemeIndex
ms$ppFill                        =0x5        # from enum PpColorSchemeIndex
ms$ppForeground                  =0x2        # from enum PpColorSchemeIndex
ms$ppNotSchemeColor              =0x0        # from enum PpColorSchemeIndex
ms$ppSchemeColorMixed            =-2         # from enum PpColorSchemeIndex
ms$ppShadow                      =0x3        # from enum PpColorSchemeIndex
ms$ppTitle                       =0x4        # from enum PpColorSchemeIndex
ms$ppDateTimeFigureOut           =0xe        # from enum PpDateTimeFormat
ms$ppDateTimeFormatMixed         =-2         # from enum PpDateTimeFormat
ms$ppDateTimeHmm                 =0xa        # from enum PpDateTimeFormat
ms$ppDateTimeHmmss               =0xb        # from enum PpDateTimeFormat
ms$ppDateTimeMMMMdyyyy           =0x4        # from enum PpDateTimeFormat
ms$ppDateTimeMMMMyy              =0x6        # from enum PpDateTimeFormat
ms$ppDateTimeMMddyyHmm           =0x8        # from enum PpDateTimeFormat
ms$ppDateTimeMMddyyhmmAMPM       =0x9        # from enum PpDateTimeFormat
ms$ppDateTimeMMyy                =0x7        # from enum PpDateTimeFormat
ms$ppDateTimeMdyy                =0x1        # from enum PpDateTimeFormat
ms$ppDateTimedMMMMyyyy           =0x3        # from enum PpDateTimeFormat
ms$ppDateTimedMMMyy              =0x5        # from enum PpDateTimeFormat
ms$ppDateTimeddddMMMMddyyyy      =0x2        # from enum PpDateTimeFormat
ms$ppDateTimehmmAMPM             =0xc        # from enum PpDateTimeFormat
ms$ppDateTimehmmssAMPM           =0xd        # from enum PpDateTimeFormat
ms$ppDirectionLeftToRight        =0x1        # from enum PpDirection
ms$ppDirectionMixed              =-2         # from enum PpDirection
ms$ppDirectionRightToLeft        =0x2        # from enum PpDirection
ms$ppEffectAppear                =0xf04      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectBlindsHorizontal      =0x301      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectBlindsVertical        =0x302      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectBoxIn                 =0xc02      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectBoxOut                =0xc01      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectCheckerboardAcross    =0x401      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectCheckerboardDown      =0x402      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectCircleOut             =0xf05      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectCombHorizontal        =0xf07      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectCombVertical          =0xf08      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectCoverDown             =0x504      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectCoverLeft             =0x501      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectCoverLeftDown         =0x507      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectCoverLeftUp           =0x505      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectCoverRight            =0x503      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectCoverRightDown        =0x508      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectCoverRightUp          =0x506      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectCoverUp               =0x502      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectCrawlFromDown         =0xd10      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectCrawlFromLeft         =0xd0d      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectCrawlFromRight        =0xd0f      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectCrawlFromUp           =0xd0e      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectCut                   =0x101      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectCutThroughBlack       =0x102      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectDiamondOut            =0xf06      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectDissolve              =0x601      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectFade                  =0x701      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectFadeSmoothly          =0xf09      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectFlashOnceFast         =0xf01      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectFlashOnceMedium       =0xf02      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectFlashOnceSlow         =0xf03      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectFlyFromBottom         =0xd04      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectFlyFromBottomLeft     =0xd07      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectFlyFromBottomRight    =0xd08      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectFlyFromLeft           =0xd01      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectFlyFromRight          =0xd03      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectFlyFromTop            =0xd02      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectFlyFromTopLeft        =0xd05      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectFlyFromTopRight       =0xd06      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectMixed                 =-2         # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectNewsflash             =0xf0a      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectNone                  =0x0        # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectPeekFromDown          =0xd0a      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectPeekFromLeft          =0xd09      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectPeekFromRight         =0xd0b      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectPeekFromUp            =0xd0c      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectPlusOut               =0xf0b      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectPushDown              =0xf0c      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectPushLeft              =0xf0d      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectPushRight             =0xf0e      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectPushUp                =0xf0f      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectRandom                =0x201      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectRandomBarsHorizontal  =0x901      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectRandomBarsVertical    =0x902      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectSpiral                =0xd1d      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectSplitHorizontalIn     =0xe02      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectSplitHorizontalOut    =0xe01      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectSplitVerticalIn       =0xe04      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectSplitVerticalOut      =0xe03      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectStretchAcross         =0xd17      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectStretchDown           =0xd1b      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectStretchLeft           =0xd18      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectStretchRight          =0xd1a      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectStretchUp             =0xd19      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectStripsDownLeft        =0xa03      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectStripsDownRight       =0xa04      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectStripsLeftDown        =0xa07      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectStripsLeftUp          =0xa05      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectStripsRightDown       =0xa08      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectStripsRightUp         =0xa06      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectStripsUpLeft          =0xa01      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectStripsUpRight         =0xa02      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectSwivel                =0xd1c      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectUncoverDown           =0x804      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectUncoverLeft           =0x801      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectUncoverLeftDown       =0x807      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectUncoverLeftUp         =0x805      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectUncoverRight          =0x803      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectUncoverRightDown      =0x808      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectUncoverRightUp        =0x806      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectUncoverUp             =0x802      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectWedge                 =0xf10      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectWheel1Spoke           =0xf11      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectWheel2Spokes          =0xf12      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectWheel3Spokes          =0xf13      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectWheel4Spokes          =0xf14      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectWheel8Spokes          =0xf15      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectWipeDown              =0xb04      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectWipeLeft              =0xb01      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectWipeRight             =0xb03      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectWipeUp                =0xb02      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectZoomBottom            =0xd16      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectZoomCenter            =0xd15      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectZoomIn                =0xd11      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectZoomInSlightly        =0xd12      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectZoomOut               =0xd13      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppEffectZoomOutSlightly       =0xd14      # from enum PpEntryEffect
ms$ppClipRelativeToSlide         =0x2        # from enum PpExportMode
ms$ppRelativeToSlide             =0x1        # from enum PpExportMode
ms$ppScaleToFit                  =0x3        # from enum PpExportMode
ms$ppScaleXY                     =0x4        # from enum PpExportMode
ms$ppFarEastLineBreakLevelCustom =0x3        # from enum PpFarEastLineBreakLevel
ms$ppFarEastLineBreakLevelNormal =0x1        # from enum PpFarEastLineBreakLevel
ms$ppFarEastLineBreakLevelStrict =0x2        # from enum PpFarEastLineBreakLevel
ms$ppFileDialogOpen              =0x1        # from enum PpFileDialogType
ms$ppFileDialogSave              =0x2        # from enum PpFileDialogType
ms$ppFixedFormatIntentPrint      =0x2        # from enum PpFixedFormatIntent
ms$ppFixedFormatIntentScreen     =0x1        # from enum PpFixedFormatIntent
ms$ppFixedFormatTypePDF          =0x2        # from enum PpFixedFormatType
ms$ppFixedFormatTypeXPS          =0x1        # from enum PpFixedFormatType
ms$ppFollowColorsMixed           =-2         # from enum PpFollowColors
ms$ppFollowColorsNone            =0x0        # from enum PpFollowColors
ms$ppFollowColorsScheme          =0x1        # from enum PpFollowColors
ms$ppFollowColorsTextAndBackground=0x2        # from enum PpFollowColors
ms$ppFrameColorsBlackTextOnWhite =0x5        # from enum PpFrameColors
ms$ppFrameColorsBrowserColors    =0x1        # from enum PpFrameColors
ms$ppFrameColorsPresentationSchemeAccentColor=0x3        # from enum PpFrameColors
ms$ppFrameColorsPresentationSchemeTextColor=0x2        # from enum PpFrameColors
ms$ppFrameColorsWhiteTextOnBlack =0x4        # from enum PpFrameColors
ms$ppHTMLAutodetect              =0x4        # from enum PpHTMLVersion
ms$ppHTMLDual                    =0x3        # from enum PpHTMLVersion
ms$ppHTMLv3                      =0x1        # from enum PpHTMLVersion
ms$ppHTMLv4                      =0x2        # from enum PpHTMLVersion
ms$ppIndentControlMixed          =-2         # from enum PpIndentControl
ms$ppIndentKeepAttr              =0x2        # from enum PpIndentControl
ms$ppIndentReplaceAttr           =0x1        # from enum PpIndentControl
ms$ppMediaTypeMixed              =-2         # from enum PpMediaType
ms$ppMediaTypeMovie              =0x3        # from enum PpMediaType
ms$ppMediaTypeOther              =0x1        # from enum PpMediaType
ms$ppMediaTypeSound              =0x2        # from enum PpMediaType
ms$ppMouseClick                  =0x1        # from enum PpMouseActivation
ms$ppMouseOver                   =0x2        # from enum PpMouseActivation
ms$ppBulletAlphaLCParenBoth      =0x8        # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletAlphaLCParenRight     =0x9        # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletAlphaLCPeriod         =0x0        # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletAlphaUCParenBoth      =0xa        # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletAlphaUCParenRight     =0xb        # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletAlphaUCPeriod         =0x1        # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletArabicAbjadDash       =0x18       # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletArabicAlphaDash       =0x17       # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletArabicDBPeriod        =0x1d       # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletArabicDBPlain         =0x1c       # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletArabicParenBoth       =0xc        # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletArabicParenRight      =0x2        # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletArabicPeriod          =0x3        # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletArabicPlain           =0xd        # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletCircleNumDBPlain      =0x12       # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletCircleNumWDBlackPlain =0x14       # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletCircleNumWDWhitePlain =0x13       # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletHebrewAlphaDash       =0x19       # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletHindiAlpha1Period     =0x28       # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletHindiAlphaPeriod      =0x24       # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletHindiNumParenRight    =0x27       # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletHindiNumPeriod        =0x25       # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletKanjiKoreanPeriod     =0x1b       # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletKanjiKoreanPlain      =0x1a       # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletKanjiSimpChinDBPeriod =0x26       # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletRomanLCParenBoth      =0x4        # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletRomanLCParenRight     =0x5        # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletRomanLCPeriod         =0x6        # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletRomanUCParenBoth      =0xe        # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletRomanUCParenRight     =0xf        # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletRomanUCPeriod         =0x7        # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletSimpChinPeriod        =0x11       # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletSimpChinPlain         =0x10       # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletStyleMixed            =-2         # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletThaiAlphaParenBoth    =0x20       # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletThaiAlphaParenRight   =0x1f       # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletThaiAlphaPeriod       =0x1e       # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletThaiNumParenBoth      =0x23       # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletThaiNumParenRight     =0x22       # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletThaiNumPeriod         =0x21       # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletTradChinPeriod        =0x16       # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppBulletTradChinPlain         =0x15       # from enum PpNumberedBulletStyle
ms$ppAlignCenter                 =0x2        # from enum PpParagraphAlignment
ms$ppAlignDistribute             =0x5        # from enum PpParagraphAlignment
ms$ppAlignJustify                =0x4        # from enum PpParagraphAlignment
ms$ppAlignJustifyLow             =0x7        # from enum PpParagraphAlignment
ms$ppAlignLeft                   =0x1        # from enum PpParagraphAlignment
ms$ppAlignRight                  =0x3        # from enum PpParagraphAlignment
ms$ppAlignThaiDistribute         =0x6        # from enum PpParagraphAlignment
ms$ppAlignmentMixed              =-2         # from enum PpParagraphAlignment
ms$ppPasteBitmap                 =0x1        # from enum PpPasteDataType
ms$ppPasteDefault                =0x0        # from enum PpPasteDataType
ms$ppPasteEnhancedMetafile       =0x2        # from enum PpPasteDataType
ms$ppPasteGIF                    =0x4        # from enum PpPasteDataType
ms$ppPasteHTML                   =0x8        # from enum PpPasteDataType
ms$ppPasteJPG                    =0x5        # from enum PpPasteDataType
ms$ppPasteMetafilePicture        =0x3        # from enum PpPasteDataType
ms$ppPasteOLEObject              =0xa        # from enum PpPasteDataType
ms$ppPastePNG                    =0x6        # from enum PpPasteDataType
ms$ppPasteRTF                    =0x9        # from enum PpPasteDataType
ms$ppPasteShape                  =0xb        # from enum PpPasteDataType
ms$ppPasteText                   =0x7        # from enum PpPasteDataType
ms$ppPlaceholderBitmap           =0x9        # from enum PpPlaceholderType
ms$ppPlaceholderBody             =0x2        # from enum PpPlaceholderType
ms$ppPlaceholderCenterTitle      =0x3        # from enum PpPlaceholderType
ms$ppPlaceholderChart            =0x8        # from enum PpPlaceholderType
ms$ppPlaceholderDate             =0x10       # from enum PpPlaceholderType
ms$ppPlaceholderFooter           =0xf        # from enum PpPlaceholderType
ms$ppPlaceholderHeader           =0xe        # from enum PpPlaceholderType
ms$ppPlaceholderMediaClip        =0xa        # from enum PpPlaceholderType
ms$ppPlaceholderMixed            =-2         # from enum PpPlaceholderType
ms$ppPlaceholderObject           =0x7        # from enum PpPlaceholderType
ms$ppPlaceholderOrgChart         =0xb        # from enum PpPlaceholderType
ms$ppPlaceholderPicture          =0x12       # from enum PpPlaceholderType
ms$ppPlaceholderSlideNumber      =0xd        # from enum PpPlaceholderType
ms$ppPlaceholderSubtitle         =0x4        # from enum PpPlaceholderType
ms$ppPlaceholderTable            =0xc        # from enum PpPlaceholderType
ms$ppPlaceholderTitle            =0x1        # from enum PpPlaceholderType
ms$ppPlaceholderVerticalBody     =0x6        # from enum PpPlaceholderType
ms$ppPlaceholderVerticalObject   =0x11       # from enum PpPlaceholderType
ms$ppPlaceholderVerticalTitle    =0x5        # from enum PpPlaceholderType
ms$ppPrintBlackAndWhite          =0x2        # from enum PpPrintColorType
ms$ppPrintColor                  =0x1        # from enum PpPrintColorType
ms$ppPrintPureBlackAndWhite      =0x3        # from enum PpPrintColorType
ms$ppPrintHandoutHorizontalFirst =0x2        # from enum PpPrintHandoutOrder
ms$ppPrintHandoutVerticalFirst   =0x1        # from enum PpPrintHandoutOrder
ms$ppPrintOutputBuildSlides      =0x7        # from enum PpPrintOutputType
ms$ppPrintOutputFourSlideHandouts=0x8        # from enum PpPrintOutputType
ms$ppPrintOutputNineSlideHandouts=0x9        # from enum PpPrintOutputType
ms$ppPrintOutputNotesPages       =0x5        # from enum PpPrintOutputType
ms$ppPrintOutputOneSlideHandouts =0xa        # from enum PpPrintOutputType
ms$ppPrintOutputOutline          =0x6        # from enum PpPrintOutputType
ms$ppPrintOutputSixSlideHandouts =0x4        # from enum PpPrintOutputType
ms$ppPrintOutputSlides           =0x1        # from enum PpPrintOutputType
ms$ppPrintOutputThreeSlideHandouts=0x3        # from enum PpPrintOutputType
ms$ppPrintOutputTwoSlideHandouts =0x2        # from enum PpPrintOutputType
ms$ppPrintAll                    =0x1        # from enum PpPrintRangeType
ms$ppPrintCurrent                =0x3        # from enum PpPrintRangeType
ms$ppPrintNamedSlideShow         =0x5        # from enum PpPrintRangeType
ms$ppPrintSelection              =0x2        # from enum PpPrintRangeType
ms$ppPrintSlideRange             =0x4        # from enum PpPrintRangeType
ms$ppPublishAll                  =0x1        # from enum PpPublishSourceType
ms$ppPublishNamedSlideShow       =0x3        # from enum PpPublishSourceType
ms$ppPublishSlideRange           =0x2        # from enum PpPublishSourceType
ms$ppRDIAll                      =0x63       # from enum PpRemoveDocInfoType
ms$ppRDIComments                 =0x1        # from enum PpRemoveDocInfoType
ms$ppRDIContentType              =0x10       # from enum PpRemoveDocInfoType
ms$ppRDIDocumentManagementPolicy =0xf        # from enum PpRemoveDocInfoType
ms$ppRDIDocumentProperties       =0x8        # from enum PpRemoveDocInfoType
ms$ppRDIDocumentServerProperties =0xe        # from enum PpRemoveDocInfoType
ms$ppRDIDocumentWorkspace        =0xa        # from enum PpRemoveDocInfoType
ms$ppRDIInkAnnotations           =0xb        # from enum PpRemoveDocInfoType
ms$ppRDIPublishPath              =0xd        # from enum PpRemoveDocInfoType
ms$ppRDIRemovePersonalInformation=0x4        # from enum PpRemoveDocInfoType
ms$ppRDISlideUpdateInformation   =0x11       # from enum PpRemoveDocInfoType
ms$ppRevisionInfoBaseline        =0x1        # from enum PpRevisionInfo
ms$ppRevisionInfoMerged          =0x2        # from enum PpRevisionInfo
ms$ppRevisionInfoNone            =0x0        # from enum PpRevisionInfo
ms$ppSaveAsAddIn                 =0x8        # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsBMP                   =0x13       # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsDefault               =0xb        # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsEMF                   =0x17       # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsGIF                   =0x10       # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsHTML                  =0xc        # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsHTMLDual              =0xe        # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsHTMLv3                =0xd        # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsJPG                   =0x11       # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsMetaFile              =0xf        # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsOpenXMLAddin          =0x1e       # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsOpenXMLPresentation   =0x18       # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsOpenXMLPresentationMacroEnabled=0x19       # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsOpenXMLShow           =0x1c       # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsOpenXMLShowMacroEnabled=0x1d       # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsOpenXMLTemplate       =0x1a       # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsOpenXMLTemplateMacroEnabled=0x1b       # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsOpenXMLTheme          =0x1f       # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsPDF                   =0x20       # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsPNG                   =0x12       # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsPowerPoint3           =0x4        # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsPowerPoint4           =0x3        # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsPowerPoint4FarEast    =0xa        # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsPowerPoint7           =0x2        # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsPresForReview         =0x16       # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsPresentation          =0x1        # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsRTF                   =0x6        # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsShow                  =0x7        # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsTIF                   =0x15       # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsTemplate              =0x5        # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsWebArchive            =0x14       # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsXMLPresentation       =0x22       # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSaveAsXPS                   =0x21       # from enum PpSaveAsFileType
ms$ppSelectionNone               =0x0        # from enum PpSelectionType
ms$ppSelectionShapes             =0x2        # from enum PpSelectionType
ms$ppSelectionSlides             =0x1        # from enum PpSelectionType
ms$ppSelectionText               =0x3        # from enum PpSelectionType
ms$ppShapeFormatBMP              =0x3        # from enum PpShapeFormat
ms$ppShapeFormatEMF              =0x5        # from enum PpShapeFormat
ms$ppShapeFormatGIF              =0x0        # from enum PpShapeFormat
ms$ppShapeFormatJPG              =0x1        # from enum PpShapeFormat
ms$ppShapeFormatPNG              =0x2        # from enum PpShapeFormat
ms$ppShapeFormatWMF              =0x4        # from enum PpShapeFormat
ms$ppLayoutBlank                 =0xc        # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutChart                 =0x8        # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutChartAndText          =0x6        # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutClipArtAndVerticalText=0x1a       # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutClipartAndText        =0xa        # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutComparison            =0x22       # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutContentWithCaption    =0x23       # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutCustom                =0x20       # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutFourObjects           =0x18       # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutLargeObject           =0xf        # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutMediaClipAndText      =0x12       # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutMixed                 =-2         # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutObject                =0x10       # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutObjectAndText         =0xe        # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutObjectAndTwoObjects   =0x1e       # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutObjectOverText        =0x13       # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutOrgchart              =0x7        # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutPictureWithCaption    =0x24       # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutSectionHeader         =0x21       # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutTable                 =0x4        # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutText                  =0x2        # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutTextAndChart          =0x5        # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutTextAndClipart        =0x9        # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutTextAndMediaClip      =0x11       # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutTextAndObject         =0xd        # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutTextAndTwoObjects     =0x15       # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutTextOverObject        =0x14       # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutTitle                 =0x1        # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutTitleOnly             =0xb        # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutTwoColumnText         =0x3        # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutTwoObjects            =0x1d       # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutTwoObjectsAndObject   =0x1f       # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutTwoObjectsAndText     =0x16       # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutTwoObjectsOverText    =0x17       # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutVerticalText          =0x19       # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutVerticalTitleAndText  =0x1b       # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppLayoutVerticalTitleAndTextOverChart=0x1c       # from enum PpSlideLayout
ms$ppSlideShowManualAdvance      =0x1        # from enum PpSlideShowAdvanceMode
ms$ppSlideShowRehearseNewTimings =0x3        # from enum PpSlideShowAdvanceMode
ms$ppSlideShowUseSlideTimings    =0x2        # from enum PpSlideShowAdvanceMode
ms$ppSlideShowPointerAlwaysHidden=0x3        # from enum PpSlideShowPointerType
ms$ppSlideShowPointerArrow       =0x1        # from enum PpSlideShowPointerType
ms$ppSlideShowPointerAutoArrow   =0x4        # from enum PpSlideShowPointerType
ms$ppSlideShowPointerEraser      =0x5        # from enum PpSlideShowPointerType
ms$ppSlideShowPointerNone        =0x0        # from enum PpSlideShowPointerType
ms$ppSlideShowPointerPen         =0x2        # from enum PpSlideShowPointerType
ms$ppShowAll                     =0x1        # from enum PpSlideShowRangeType
ms$ppShowNamedSlideShow          =0x3        # from enum PpSlideShowRangeType
ms$ppShowSlideRange              =0x2        # from enum PpSlideShowRangeType
ms$ppSlideShowBlackScreen        =0x3        # from enum PpSlideShowState
ms$ppSlideShowDone               =0x5        # from enum PpSlideShowState
ms$ppSlideShowPaused             =0x2        # from enum PpSlideShowState
ms$ppSlideShowRunning            =0x1        # from enum PpSlideShowState
ms$ppSlideShowWhiteScreen        =0x4        # from enum PpSlideShowState
ms$ppShowTypeKiosk               =0x3        # from enum PpSlideShowType
ms$ppShowTypeSpeaker             =0x1        # from enum PpSlideShowType
ms$ppShowTypeWindow              =0x2        # from enum PpSlideShowType
ms$ppSlideSize35MM               =0x4        # from enum PpSlideSizeType
ms$ppSlideSizeA3Paper            =0x9        # from enum PpSlideSizeType
ms$ppSlideSizeA4Paper            =0x3        # from enum PpSlideSizeType
ms$ppSlideSizeB4ISOPaper         =0xa        # from enum PpSlideSizeType
ms$ppSlideSizeB4JISPaper         =0xc        # from enum PpSlideSizeType
ms$ppSlideSizeB5ISOPaper         =0xb        # from enum PpSlideSizeType
ms$ppSlideSizeB5JISPaper         =0xd        # from enum PpSlideSizeType
ms$ppSlideSizeBanner             =0x6        # from enum PpSlideSizeType
ms$ppSlideSizeCustom             =0x7        # from enum PpSlideSizeType
ms$ppSlideSizeHagakiCard         =0xe        # from enum PpSlideSizeType
ms$ppSlideSizeLedgerPaper        =0x8        # from enum PpSlideSizeType
ms$ppSlideSizeLetterPaper        =0x2        # from enum PpSlideSizeType
ms$ppSlideSizeOnScreen           =0x1        # from enum PpSlideSizeType
ms$ppSlideSizeOnScreen16x10      =0x10       # from enum PpSlideSizeType
ms$ppSlideSizeOnScreen16x9       =0xf        # from enum PpSlideSizeType
ms$ppSlideSizeOverhead           =0x5        # from enum PpSlideSizeType
ms$ppSoundEffectsMixed           =-2         # from enum PpSoundEffectType
ms$ppSoundFile                   =0x2        # from enum PpSoundEffectType
ms$ppSoundNone                   =0x0        # from enum PpSoundEffectType
ms$ppSoundStopPrevious           =0x1        # from enum PpSoundEffectType
ms$ppSoundFormatCDAudio          =0x3        # from enum PpSoundFormatType
ms$ppSoundFormatMIDI             =0x2        # from enum PpSoundFormatType
ms$ppSoundFormatMixed            =-2         # from enum PpSoundFormatType
ms$ppSoundFormatNone             =0x0        # from enum PpSoundFormatType
ms$ppSoundFormatWAV              =0x1        # from enum PpSoundFormatType
ms$ppTabStopCenter               =0x2        # from enum PpTabStopType
ms$ppTabStopDecimal              =0x4        # from enum PpTabStopType
ms$ppTabStopLeft                 =0x1        # from enum PpTabStopType
ms$ppTabStopMixed                =-2         # from enum PpTabStopType
ms$ppTabStopRight                =0x3        # from enum PpTabStopType
ms$ppAnimateByAllLevels          =0x10       # from enum PpTextLevelEffect
ms$ppAnimateByFifthLevel         =0x5        # from enum PpTextLevelEffect
ms$ppAnimateByFirstLevel         =0x1        # from enum PpTextLevelEffect
ms$ppAnimateByFourthLevel        =0x4        # from enum PpTextLevelEffect
ms$ppAnimateBySecondLevel        =0x2        # from enum PpTextLevelEffect
ms$ppAnimateByThirdLevel         =0x3        # from enum PpTextLevelEffect
ms$ppAnimateLevelMixed           =-2         # from enum PpTextLevelEffect
ms$ppAnimateLevelNone            =0x0        # from enum PpTextLevelEffect
ms$ppBodyStyle                   =0x3        # from enum PpTextStyleType
ms$ppDefaultStyle                =0x1        # from enum PpTextStyleType
ms$ppTitleStyle                  =0x2        # from enum PpTextStyleType
ms$ppAnimateByCharacter          =0x2        # from enum PpTextUnitEffect
ms$ppAnimateByParagraph          =0x0        # from enum PpTextUnitEffect
ms$ppAnimateByWord               =0x1        # from enum PpTextUnitEffect
ms$ppAnimateUnitMixed            =-2         # from enum PpTextUnitEffect
ms$ppTransitionSpeedFast         =0x3        # from enum PpTransitionSpeed
ms$ppTransitionSpeedMedium       =0x2        # from enum PpTransitionSpeed
ms$ppTransitionSpeedMixed        =-2         # from enum PpTransitionSpeed
ms$ppTransitionSpeedSlow         =0x1        # from enum PpTransitionSpeed
ms$ppUpdateOptionAutomatic       =0x2        # from enum PpUpdateOption
ms$ppUpdateOptionManual          =0x1        # from enum PpUpdateOption
ms$ppUpdateOptionMixed           =-2         # from enum PpUpdateOption
ms$ppViewHandoutMaster           =0x4        # from enum PpViewType
ms$ppViewMasterThumbnails        =0xc        # from enum PpViewType
ms$ppViewNormal                  =0x9        # from enum PpViewType
ms$ppViewNotesMaster             =0x5        # from enum PpViewType
ms$ppViewNotesPage               =0x3        # from enum PpViewType
ms$ppViewOutline                 =0x6        # from enum PpViewType
ms$ppViewPrintPreview            =0xa        # from enum PpViewType
ms$ppViewSlide                   =0x1        # from enum PpViewType
ms$ppViewSlideMaster             =0x2        # from enum PpViewType
ms$ppViewSlideSorter             =0x7        # from enum PpViewType
ms$ppViewThumbnails              =0xb        # from enum PpViewType
ms$ppViewTitleMaster             =0x8        # from enum PpViewType
ms$ppWindowMaximized             =0x3        # from enum PpWindowState
ms$ppWindowMinimized             =0x2        # from enum PpWindowState
ms$ppWindowNormal                =0x1        # from enum PpWindowState